---
layout: default
title: Sunday September 20, 2020
date: 2020-09-20 08:00 -7:00
---

**2020-September-20, Volans (Apr 22 - June 1)**: You will have to deal with a difficult situation today and that means you will have to deal with someone who is not only unpopular but also a liability too. It may be hard for them to accept but they will accept it for them if you ask them to. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Alexteroon hypsiphonus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Alexteroon&where-species=hypsiphonus) urges you to keep well-developed limbs in reserve. Keeping limbs in reserve also provides protection against desiccation, it also provides early protection against predation by drosophilid flies (which consume submerged remains of eggs). <br /><br />**2020-September-20, Eridanus (June 2 - July 17)**: You must not let your emotions get the better of you over the next 24 hours. You may be a bit of a doormat and your efforts to please others are sure to turn them on. You may even help yourself financially. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Rana pirica](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Rana&where-species=pirica) reminds you to use its broad tongue to convey its message. If it is not clear, the frog has two types of salamanders: two clutches (swarthy and black), and three clutches (light and dark). The frog's diet is dependent on several factors, including its altitude, skin density, and cerebral availability. <br /><br />**2020-September-20, Scutum (July 18 - Sept 1)**: You are perfectly placed to make the most of your life and will do so with no questions asked. But don’t expect to get anything in return. You can be a nice person at times but you can also be a nice person at other times. It's worth the effort. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Leptobrachium abbotti](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Leptobrachium&where-species=abbotti) hopes to walk, hop, and spin many feet before attacking a stationary target, such as a tree trunk or a stone fence. If the attacker is standing, the cane toads walk approximately 10.5 mm (2.3 x 3.4 cm). At this stage, cane toads are able to measure 6 - 7 mm (2. <br /><br />**2020-September-20, Hercules (Sept 2 - Oct 17)**: What happens today and over the weekend may be of benefit to you but it will mean you have to deal with people who, on other hand, don’t do much for you personally, so don’t spend a day of your life being bullied. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Allobates grillisimilis](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Allobates&where-species=grillisimilis) warns that certain species of opossums, including Dendrobatids, are prone to parasitism.  Their bluntly-veined feet could be seen sticking out from under rocks to pick up tiny toes.  No toes were visible between the toes and they were all superficial. <br /><br />**2020-September-20, Phoenix (Oct 18 - Dec 2)**: One of the most laid-back days of the year for you will come to an end over the next few days. It is time to move on, and with it, all the self-doubt and guilt that so many of your friends feel you have banished from your life. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Batrachoseps gabrieli](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Batrachoseps&where-species=gabrieli) hopes that by using his special eyes he can better recognize people and locate them in known habitat. If so, he would be a true naturalizer. If not, he would be an initiate. If not, he would be an extremely weak naturalist. <br /><br />**2020-September-20, Lepus (Dec 3 - Jan 17)**: Friends and relatives seem to be on a high as the new week begins, so make the most of the positive aspects of the new week to show the world what you are capable of. This is also a great time for affairs of the heart. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Rhinophrynus dorsalis](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Rhinophrynus&where-species=dorsalis) reminds you to take care when swimming shoes are used and to never run loose-footed in the water unless accompanied by sufficient security. It is therefore strongly advised to steer clear of areas where the frogs are known to be active, such as the wings of younger individuals are known to protect them fromilloosen predators (Bragg 1965). <br /><br />**2020-September-20, Circinus (Jan 18 - Mar 4)**: This is going to be a busy day and you might like to think twice before taking on a new task because you are likely to have to cut yourself off from the world for a while. You don’t have to make dramatic changes – just go some place you have never visited. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Notaden nichollsi](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Notaden&where-species=nichollsi) warns that some species of beetles can adapt to low-intensity combat, by emerging and orientating themselves on the skin of sedges and other vegetation that contain no vegetation or spawn. This might be a useful technique forancer in its limited utility in the Northern hemisphere where the frog species is restricted to a niche of 50-300 eggs. <br /><br />**2020-September-20, Coma Berenices (Mar 5 - Apr 21)**: There are currently two levels of your ambition: those who dare and those who fear. Which one will get you to where you want to be and where you want you to be? Your inner voice will guide you and the universe will guide you, so think of it. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Spinomantis microtis](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Spinomantis&where-species=microtis) warns that L. microtoecalsae may be a "mixed species" (Stewart et al. 2015)". Complex life history sites with oocyte carrying capacities of up to 15.5 g/d were found in juveniles. Most sites were active during the day, with diving sites beginning at dusk. <br /><br />