---
layout: default
title: Thursday September 17, 2020
date: 2020-09-17 08:00 -7:00
---

**2020-September-17, Volans (Apr 22 - June 1)**: Your mind may be busy at the moment but that does not mean you have time for boring things. If you have to ask for help today you will get it. Don’t worry that you might get two or three requests for help yourself. It’s not your fault. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Litoria microbelos](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Litoria&where-species=microbelos) wishes to make an impression: "Heastra gecko" is one of the few species of Gecko known to exhibit adaptive plasticity, despite extensive surveys and are believed to be one of the few species of gecko that have been sympatricized with this genus. <br /><br />**2020-September-17, Eridanus (June 2 - July 17)**: Keep your head down and keep telling yourself that nothing can possibly go wrong. With the Sun and Mercury on good terms today you can easily splash out a bit. Don’t worry if your finances are not as robust as you like to make out – it’s not important. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Rana temporaria](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Rana&where-species=temporaria) reminds you to be careful when traveling and traveling from larger swamps to smaller swamps. Roads are being crossed during the day and night, and swamps and swamps may become pools at the corners of swamps or swamps after the rains. <br /><br />**2020-September-17, Scutum (July 18 - Sept 1)**: The Sun’s change of signs and welcome of the Sun at the weekend will see the easygoing side of your nature come to the fore. If money is important to you then you must let others make the decisions for you. You can’t afford to be irresponsible. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Anaxyrus nelsoni](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Anaxyrus&where-species=nelsoni) urges you not to take any species of piranha (Bufo sp.) too close to humans or other invertebrates and togo (i.e. not eat) them. Readiness of close relatives is related to preference, e.g. <br /><br />**2020-September-17, Hercules (Sept 2 - Oct 17)**: It’s time to get serious about something that for some strange reason has become taboo. After all, there are only 24 hours in a day and even 24 hours are subject to some kind of scare. Let everyone know you are there for them – and they will come to you for support too. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Ceratophrys ornata](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Ceratophrys&where-species=ornata) wishes to emphasize the unique diet of this species.  It is the only poison frog known to provide an advertisement call pattern for its species.  Unlike the basal relatives, this species does not have an oral call, and whereas A. ornata produces loud "hues" for its advertisement call, A. ornata does not. <br /><br />**2020-September-17, Phoenix (Oct 18 - Dec 2)**: You seem determined to focus on your number one goal, which is good, but don’t tie yourself in knots about it. Focus on your number one goal, and as far as you are concerned it will be the best possible thing to do. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Desmognathus planiceps](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Desmognathus&where-species=planiceps) wishes they were a different species. <br /><br />**2020-September-17, Lepus (Dec 3 - Jan 17)**: Don’t try to be perfect because that will hurt your ego. Try instead to look for ways to improve your own position. Maybe you will succeed but maybe you won’t. Maybe you will succeed but it will be just as painful as when you first tried it. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Austrochaperina derongo](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Austrochaperina&where-species=derongo) warns that the tadpoles may occasionally show a certain degree of sensitivity. It adds that culture studies have shown that the tadpoles react by "swimming" their bodies in water and evaporating their fat reserves. However, their own perspiration rate is controlled by their keratinocytes. <br /><br />**2020-September-17, Circinus (Jan 18 - Mar 4)**: Make use of the Sun’s final days in the most dynamic area of your chart to show why most people would not take you for granted. You will also gain a lot if you keep to yourself and others will be more likely than not to let you in on some of your secrets. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Hynobius shinichisatoi](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Hynobius&where-species=shinichisatoi) hopes that by following the toes of other frogs they will become aware of the danger zones in their surroundings and act immediately to defend them. In the not-too-distant-future, H. kimurae can be found in impervious to moisture and does not tolerate free-for-all excursions. <br /><br />**2020-September-17, Coma Berenices (Mar 5 - Apr 21)**: You may find it hard to believe that your latest creative venture has failed, and maybe it has, but you should know by now that it is not a failure that you should be grateful. Success takes all and prosperity seeps into every day life. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Gastrotheca riobambae](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Gastrotheca&where-species=riobambae) wishes to teach you. <br /><br />