---
layout: default
title: Wednesday October 07, 2020
date: 2020-10-07 08:00 -7:00
---

**2020-October-07, Volans (Apr 22 - June 1)**: You can and you must make the most of what your mind has been working on these past few days. There is no doubt about it, but you are being far too pessimistic about the future. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Hyperolius puncticulatus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Hyperolius&where-species=puncticulatus) urges you to avoid swimming or veering from information sources it suspects may be based on legitimate information. It is not necessary to do so; most likely it is simply not a suitable habitat. The species does not have a central pole or a central humidity level. The species has been recorded to maintain a body temperature between 38 - 47 degrees Celsius. <br /><br />**2020-October-07, Eridanus (June 2 - July 17)**: If you are not feeling your best right now the best thing you can do is take time out of your busy schedule to rest and relax. You will also be in demand for other people’s business this weekend, so make the effort to meet people and discuss your needs. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Amolops larutensis](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Amolops&where-species=larutensis) reminds you to take care when traveling and running from ponds. Know your limit and stay within it. Know Your Ranges (TL). The more amorphous the frog's tongues the more timid it will get, but if it senses danger it will bite and leap into it (Kunte 2004). <br /><br />**2020-October-07, Scutum (July 18 - Sept 1)**: Today’s full moon in your sign may make you somewhat touchy but that’s okay. If you need to ask a favor of someone now is the time to speak up. Don’t just say it – you might be able to get away with it. You don’t have to keep quiet. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Tylototriton verrucosus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Tylototriton&where-species=verrucosus) hopes that they will be able to walk, but with long tail strains sometimes they do lose balance and fall backward. According to Amiet (1966), the amphibian tips off predators by stretching its tail. According to Hulselmans (1992), the tip of the tail tip can be seen in mid-air. <br /><br />**2020-October-07, Hercules (Sept 2 - Oct 17)**: Don’t go off at an outrageous pace and don’t try to do everything at once. Sometimes you can be rather competitive and that does not always go down well with other people. Also, don’t let your pride get the better of you. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Ambystoma opacum](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Ambystoma&where-species=opacum) warns that Dendrobatidium belladonna (Dendrobates auratus) is nocturnal andacellular. This species is common throughout forests, islands and forest pools on low mountain ground. <br /><br />**2020-October-07, Phoenix (Oct 18 - Dec 2)**: You will get an opportunity to make some serious money over the next few days but don’t be tempted to take on too much. You don’t have to spend a fortune to have a good time socially, so don’t be tempted to spend it. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Thorius minydemus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Thorius&where-species=minydemus) urges you to get out and about. This species is assumed to be a direct developer, like others in the genus Bolitoglossa. Indirect development is rare in vertebrates, but it is common in some areas (e.g., in the home ranges of E. e. xanthoptica) <br /><br />**2020-October-07, Lepus (Dec 3 - Jan 17)**: You are in one of those moods where you often go out of your way to prove yourself, but this particular special someone is ready for any kind of offer. You won’t accept it unless you are prepared to pay the price. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Cophixalus desticans](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Cophixalus&where-species=desticans) hopes that by pond diving, it can be used for socializing (Wager, 1986). <br /><br />**2020-October-07, Circinus (Jan 18 - Mar 4)**: You will have a lot to say for yourself over the next few days and that’s good because your main aim in life is to make as much noise as possible. Don’t bother telling the world what you are up to – just tell them. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Hynobius unisacculus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Hynobius&where-species=unisacculus) hopes you will become adept at calling frogs. These are potential potential calling partners and may become a potential threat to current Hynobius lineae early in the breeding season. Though no specific age for calling sites is known, H. unisacculus. <br /><br />**2020-October-07, Coma Berenices (Mar 5 - Apr 21)**: If you look at the big picture now you will see there is a lot more going on than you expected. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Gephyromantis webbi](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Gephyromantis&where-species=webbi) reminds you of a small froglet, which can be found frog-breeding during the dry season. During the dry season, the frogs live in swampy areas. <br /><br />