---
layout: default
title: Thursday October 15, 2020
date: 2020-10-15 08:00 -7:00
---

**2020-October-15, Volans (Apr 22 - June 1)**: You will have to make an important decision this weekend and you will have to accept it before the end of the week. The choices you make over the next few days will affect positively your career and your family life and the choices you make will affect your friends and your family life and your love life very much. Don’t let it worry you. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Litoria paraewingi](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Litoria&where-species=paraewingi) urges you to raise your voices above all other groups on the forest floor, especially the large, heavily vegetated leaves of the Frog Frog's Clostridia. <br /><br />**2020-October-15, Eridanus (June 2 - July 17)**: You have been far too predictable of late. You have missed opportunities to show what you can do, both as a kid and as an adult. So, who are your targets? Who knows how you will reach them, but make the most of it: the most fun you can have while not disrupting social or professional relationships. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Babina subaspera](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Babina&where-species=subaspera) urges you to follow the leading path through forest holes.  It is there that the frog metamorphosed, which it uses to get from its hiding spot under an archway to its mature forest hole.  This way, it assumes an environment similar to that of a mature frog, but avoids developing under water and in underwater habitats. <br /><br />**2020-October-15, Scutum (July 18 - Sept 1)**: You just can’t put your finger on what is going on but it will most likely bring you back to reality very soon. Stay cool your head and don’t act as if you don’t care. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Tylototriton wenxianensis](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Tylototriton&where-species=wenxianensis) warns that individuals are regularly harassed by others who possess both a defensive posture and a cane toad shape. The cane toads are sensitive to heat and light (Mendelson et al. 2004). <br /><br />**2020-October-15, Hercules (Sept 2 - Oct 17)**: This is the ideal time to let loved ones know that, whatever the cause and whatever the problem, whatever happens, you love them. You have a lot to offer them, so let them know you care. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Ranitomeya uakarii](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Ranitomeya&where-species=uakarii) hopes that by comparing the responses of three separate frogs after being guided by a white-ribboned craniad, they would be able to determine whether different doses of bupropion are needed for the differentially varying proportions of frogs in the tested range. They found that between 0.21 and 0. <br /><br />**2020-October-15, Phoenix (Oct 18 - Dec 2)**: You may have to give up on something that is not working but if you do you will regret it in a matter of days. The Sun’s change of signs on Monday will lead to a new beginning of an entirely new relationship, so let it happen. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Psychrophrynella bagrecito](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Psychrophrynella&where-species=bagrecito) reminds you to stay dry-hopped during the rainy season as this salamander is very wary of water-soluble salamanders (Chan 2003, Townsend 1960). <br /><br />**2020-October-15, Lepus (Dec 3 - Jan 17)**: You will have to deal with some rather wild people over the next 24 hours and you will need to be smart and stay smart too. Don’t be a bit outrageous and make sure they are not laughing when they mean it. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Spea multiplicata](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Spea&where-species=multiplicata) urges you to remove your hind legs and enter deeper water (Wager, 1986). <br /><br />**2020-October-15, Circinus (Jan 18 - Mar 4)**: This is not a good time for you and if you are thinking of changing jobs or moving in a different direction you may be disappointed. In fact, you will be surprised how quickly you learn something to be on your way. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Nanorana yunnanensis](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Nanorana&where-species=yunnanensis) hopes you will join him at the first sign of a predator when he encounters a caterpillar he does not yet know. This species does not appear to have hind legs and is called upon to crouch down and take refuge under leaf litter and other debris in the absence of other people. <br /><br />**2020-October-15, Coma Berenices (Mar 5 - Apr 21)**: The changes you are making may not be what you would expected but you will make them better over the next few days. The change of signs will bring new opportunities and maybe new cash. Make sure you know what you want before you make your move. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Leptopelis millsoni](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Leptopelis&where-species=millsoni) wishes to advise. Calling individuals do not usually attract the species as a whole but, in the past, Juvenile & adult frogs were found calling occasionally. This species was therefore never considered a subspecies of human civilization. <br /><br />