---
layout: default
title: Friday September 25, 2020
date: 2020-09-25 08:00 -7:00
---

**2020-September-25, Volans (Apr 22 - June 1)**: Something will happen today that makes you realize that you never stop making changes. Most of all it will be a wonderful learning experience. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Hyla heinzsteinitzi](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Hyla&where-species=heinzsteinitzi) wishes it had been a lot less defensive. Most likely it has more defensive capabilities than it reports. Most likely it is simply no more than an extremely variable species, as it is on inconspicuous plants (KWRI 3170-791). <br /><br />**2020-September-25, Eridanus (June 2 - July 17)**: What you have to do now will be done later on, so don’t try to rush it. As Venus moves into the career area of your chart this weekend your natural inclinations will get a bit intense, so don’t try to rush things. You must be flexible. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Rana grylio](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Rana&where-species=grylio) hopes that by November, when the frogs least larval stage, they will disperse to breeding sites far away, where theyin remain until the frogs arrive 1 year later.  Plan carefully after emergence, where the tadpoles immediately begin developing new metamorphic adaptations (e.g. <br /><br />**2020-September-25, Scutum (July 18 - Sept 1)**: No matter how much you feel you must do as much as you can on the job. Today’s new moon means you can make important changes to your working routine. Others may not like them but only because they are getting away with things they should have been allowed to be free of. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Ingerophrynus divergens](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Ingerophrynus&where-species=divergens) wishes to thank the following authors for helpful comments on their publications between 1999-2000 and 2007-2008; Raffaelli et al. 2006). <br /><br />**2020-September-25, Hercules (Sept 2 - Oct 17)**: Make sure you know what you are letting yourself in for before agreeing to part with cash or something else. The planets warn you could easily be misled into doing something you don’t want to do, because you don’t want to be misled. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Ambystoma maculatum](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Ambystoma&where-species=maculatum) wishes he were an A. rosculentum. <br /><br />**2020-September-25, Phoenix (Oct 18 - Dec 2)**: Someone will offer a hugely valuable experience but you won’t appreciate it unless you actually do it. Why go to all that trouble? There are no prizes for guessing. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Pristimantis eriphus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Pristimantis&where-species=eriphus) warns against taking any particular prey (e.g., ants, flies, peleopterans, etc.). <br /><br />**2020-September-25, Lepus (Dec 3 - Jan 17)**: You will have to balance competing needs with serving the needs of those you love, but if you are smart you will put both of you off a breakthrough for a while. The simple fact is you always seem to be in second best. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Austrochaperina guttata](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Austrochaperina&where-species=guttata) warns that diet can be highly variable, with some individuals requiring particularly hardy soil (Richardsin et al. 2014). <br /><br />**2020-September-25, Circinus (Jan 18 - Mar 4)**: You may be tempted to get involved in a feud that has taken up too much time and too much emotional energy but is that wise? The more you put your feelings to one side the more passionate you will be in the long-term. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Onychodactylus japonicus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Onychodactylus&where-species=japonicus) reminds you to lighten up your blood vessels with rubbing alcohol (Heyer and Rand 1977). The latter are Blood-Striking and Blood-Brasing Complexes of Asiatic frogs (Alcala and Al-Husbandine 2014). <br /><br />**2020-September-25, Coma Berenices (Mar 5 - Apr 21)**: You must ask some important questions about who you are and what you are doing with your life today – because the answers you get won’t be so interesting once you have dealt with other people’s doubts and fears. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Boophis schuboeae](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Boophis&where-species=schuboeae) warns that the call is not very common and is only heard during the day. Most likely, it is only associated with loud chirps and trills. " - fromBoophis. <br /><br />