---
layout: default
title: Sunday October 11, 2020
date: 2020-10-11 08:00 -7:00
---

**2020-October-11, Volans (Apr 22 - June 1)**: The new moon in your fellow Fire sign of Volans will inspire you to find ways to make a partnership work. It will also inspire you to be more open about love. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Pseudacris brimleyi](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Pseudacris&where-species=brimleyi) hopes to attract and retain partners because they are generally mature at the time they hatch. Eggs are deposited in foam nests (Haddad and Sawaya 2009) that are then folded and reared in order to form the larval stage. The foam nest can be attached to, or the adult can parachute to it after hatching. <br /><br />**2020-October-11, Eridanus (June 2 - July 17)**: Something will happen over the next few days that is sure to surprise those who have not yet seen the bright side. You will also meet someone who changes your life for the better. It’s not often you get such a reaction – not even you can change Eridanus once in a while. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Heleophryne rosei](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Heleophryne&where-species=rosei) reminds you to leave well within its territory at all times, even at night.  It is foraging far away from the retreat site.  If the animal perceives danger, it escapes by most larval development (Kos et al. 2008). <br /><br />**2020-October-11, Scutum (July 18 - Sept 1)**: The planets warn you are drifting too far apart now – you have drifted far enough, so stay cool and keep drifting toward the same goal with no end of enthusiasm. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Werneria bambutensis](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Werneria&where-species=bambutensis) reminds you to take care when mating. A new species of burrowing animal, it is much easier to find in the forests than in the open sea. B. tuberosus is a faster-moving burrower than B. <br /><br />**2020-October-11, Hercules (Sept 2 - Oct 17)**: Something will come to you over the next few days that will cause you emotion. It may or may not be true but it is amazing. Time to get rid of worries again. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Ranitomeya imitator](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Ranitomeya&where-species=imitator) warns that these frogs may attack each other with their long snout-vent jaws. The adults of these frogs leap onto the opponent and lay their eggs in sandy pools on the opponent's back (Pelus). This species is sympatric with R. imitator and R. ventrimaculatus. Unlike the described species of R. <br /><br />**2020-October-11, Phoenix (Oct 18 - Dec 2)**: You may feel like you are the only one who does not know what is going on but that feeling will fade over the next few days. You will also be under a lot of pressure on the work front, especially as communications planet Mercury moves in your favor again. Don’t take too many risks. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Plethodon jordani](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Plethodon&where-species=jordani) warns that this species is very wary of potential predators. "Wake" sounds are a common cue for predators to attack the eels. Predators include millipedes, snakes, birds, and frogs. E. jordani is very wary of scorpions (Reptiles: Corinthian: Juvenal: Frog: Eurycea: Juven <br /><br />**2020-October-11, Lepus (Dec 3 - Jan 17)**: Are you satisfied with what you have got? If you are honest you will admit that you have been getting more than you expected but that is no reason to hold on to what you have got. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Phrynomantis microps](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Phrynomantis&where-species=microps) reminds you to take care when handling unfamiliar or threatened species. If they show any signs of diminishing importance, I suggest they be moved into a more permanent location, protected from injury by predator-prey interactions and/or by other insects (Rakotoarison et al. 2012). <br /><br />**2020-October-11, Circinus (Jan 18 - Mar 4)**: If you are delighted with your work or career then don’t change it. Others may say you are doing too much for too many but that is an excuse to slow down. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Uperoleia laevigata](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Uperoleia&where-species=laevigata) hopes that by raising its salinity during the hot, humid month of the year it will find its way to the suitable nest, where it molents many times before and after the ants prey on its larvae. Such a species would probably offer a better alternative to adult frogs, whose salinity tolerance is lower than that of the adult species. <br /><br />**2020-October-11, Coma Berenices (Mar 5 - Apr 21)**: You have just about everything you need and you will need a few things today. Try not to be disappointed when you cannot get what you need. Maybe that is why you have been so eager to start something new. Maybe it’s time to start something fresh. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Gastrotheca riobambae](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Gastrotheca&where-species=riobambae) warns that the advertisement call consists of a series of 8-10 unharmonious notes, each of these notes consists of 20-30 dark green perforations which can be clearly seen on the call's surface. These notes can be arranged in series, and each note consists of a note which is 2-3 clicks apart. <br /><br />