---
layout: default
title: Tuesday September 08, 2020
date: 2020-09-08 08:00 -7:00
---

**2020-September-08, Volans (Apr 22 - June 1)**: You need to let go of unrealistic expectations. You need to let go of your unrealistic standards. You can do it, of course, but you also need to make sure you are not expecting the kind of success you have been hoping for. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Pseudophilautus maia](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Pseudophilautus&where-species=maia) wishes to speak with a rather long lengthed call. It is probably a better call, given that it is one of the few forms of the call that is characterized by harmonics. However, the length of the call is not known. <br /><br />**2020-September-08, Eridanus (June 2 - July 17)**: Don’t be put off if a friend gives you a hard time over the next few days. A wonderful relationship of some sort can only last for so long, so be brave and make sure everyone is a friend and not a foe. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Glandirana rugosa](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Glandirana&where-species=rugosa) hopes that by calling during the day, you can ensure that each and every call has its own identity. In the long-term, the two species interbreeds and mate.  Hectppa species are known to cause hyperactivity in male Odorrana rana frogs, whereas R. rufum does not. <br /><br />**2020-September-08, Scutum (July 18 - Sept 1)**: Any doubters who doubted you over the past few months will get the chance to prove them wrong today. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Rhinella amabilis](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Rhinella&where-species=amabilis) wishes to remain anonymous. However, she has been interested in the life of R. maculatus for a long time. Her interest in R. maculatus has been inspired by the discovery of a new species of frog, the white-spotted frog (Family Salamandridae) i.e. <br /><br />**2020-September-08, Hercules (Sept 2 - Oct 17)**: Can you be sure that someone is telling the truth? That is the question that you must answer. Make sure you play down your suspicions if possible, and make sure they don’t get out there in the open with the press. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Ambystoma macrodactylum](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Ambystoma&where-species=macrodactylum) warns that certain call types may not be able to cope with the low call frequency of their callheiornid relatives, which could cause confusion among arthropods such as frogs (Ambystoma Annulatum). <br /><br />**2020-September-08, Phoenix (Oct 18 - Dec 2)**: You have made a lot of sacrifices over the last few weeks and a lot of people are calling you a wild card. Which is fine, but don’t start complaining that life is unfair. The planets indicate if you accept the opportunity you will make sure you get the rewards you expect. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Plethodon jacksoni](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Plethodon&where-species=jacksoni) reminds you to maintain balance and stay under water as well as stay on the bottom. When emerging from under water, writhing and vibrational, these highly mobile members of the jay all the way to the surface (Hanken 1979). <br /><br />**2020-September-08, Lepus (Dec 3 - Jan 17)**: If it is time for a change of scene, and in some small way, for a change of beliefs, then yes it is time. Get your act together and get a change of scene. Get rid of the idea that you are somehow somehow "fixed" in the world. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Pelodytes ibericus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Pelodytes&where-species=ibericus) urges you to be tolerant of different lifestyles and different thermoregulatory modes of life. He adds that different species have different needs and are not "necessarily given to behave in different situations". <br /><br />**2020-September-08, Circinus (Jan 18 - Mar 4)**: A new moon in the money area of your chart means you will find it easy to trade and make savings. You have no intention of spending your way out of trouble, of course, but it would be wrong to rush things. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Hynobius hidamontanus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Hynobius&where-species=hidamontanus) warns that the species will spend most of the year underground (in steeple-pools or under logs and stones) before emerging singly and flooded during the summer and autumn rains. Calling males can be found in the creek (5-10 cm above ground) from October to March. <br /><br />**2020-September-08, Coma Berenices (Mar 5 - Apr 21)**: Yes, you seem a bit impetuous at the moment but don’t let that stop you from pursuing your dream. You may be under the impression that you can do what you want but if you try to prove it wrong it could cause problems later on. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Mantella baroni](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Mantella&where-species=baroni) wishes the calling males were males, the only problem being that they do not seem to see each calling male for themselves. In other words, they do not own the frogs. <br /><br />