---
layout: default
title: Saturday October 10, 2020
date: 2020-10-10 08:00 -7:00
---

**2020-October-10, Volans (Apr 22 - June 1)**: The Sun in Volans may have to play havoc with your confidence over the next 24 hours, but you can quite easily make things easier for yourself by being pleasant to yourself and pleasant to people you care for. The important thing is that you are honest with yourself. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Paracassina obscura](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Paracassina&where-species=obscura) warns that certain species of beetles are able to use their pigmented skin to camouflage themselves, despite the fact that they are not actually skin-colored. They are able to do so by secreting keratinocytes to the skin, which in turn secrete papillae, which act as a barrier between the pigment and the skin. <br /><br />**2020-October-10, Eridanus (June 2 - July 17)**: Keep at it and learn from your mistakes, both those you've made and those you still have to learn. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Odorrana hosii](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Odorrana&where-species=hosii) hopes that by playing dead it will become more readily reproducible as a source of fertilizers is introduced from the pond. To create a fully fertilized frog, we suggest that the egg be used as an oocyte source. <br /><br />**2020-October-10, Scutum (July 18 - Sept 1)**: If you need to change your perspective or your viewpoint on a relationship, now is the time. Get past any kind of holding pattern and embrace something new. You don’t have to be in the party mood, you just have to put on a brave face and put your guard up — and fight for what you believe in. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Rhinella pombali](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Rhinella&where-species=pombali) urges you to stay cool and avoid areas of relatively warm water. This water temperature range is dependent on the exact spacing of the leaves. In general, the closer water is allowed to develop, the more cyanophytes and frogs will attach. The leaves on which Bufo. <br /><br />**2020-October-10, Hercules (Sept 2 - Oct 17)**: If you are in the mood to make yourself felt there is a loved one or a friend you can count on already. The less others know about you the better – and you are sure to get plenty of good news from them too. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Cacosternum karooicum](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Cacosternum&where-species=karooicum) urges you not to take chances with other salamanders: "Hercules" salamander has a fairly high resistance to insect toxins (downregging ampicillin-1,2, and 3 isothiography) and a particular type of endotoxin toxins (downregging fumarateptans-6, 7, or 8). <br /><br />**2020-October-10, Phoenix (Oct 18 - Dec 2)**: You may not understand why certain things are happening but the planets indicate it is because you are enjoying the attention. If you attract the attention of people in positions of power you must change the way they are playing on your emotions. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Pseudoeurycea rex](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Pseudoeurycea&where-species=rex) hopes you like it when they hear a chirp, a behavior unique to the frog. When approached by a stranger with bush-like skin and a tail, the frog's clicks make a series of clicks, one a lung, until they hear a chirp of Frog-like squeaks. <br /><br />**2020-October-10, Lepus (Dec 3 - Jan 17)**: Do you know what it is you have to do? The best way to deal with a problem is to face it with no fear. No matter how much you fear an issue you don’t have to deal with it. The only thing you should be afraid of is fear itself. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Anodonthyla montana](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Anodonthyla&where-species=montana) wishes to offer advice on home and travel topics. The main aims of the information they have gathered are to make clear that different habitats have different needs and to distinguish between different habitats. Some kinds of frogs have different environmental needs, and therefore different breeding opportunities. Some habitats require different levels of nutrition, and some habitats require different strategies for reproduction. <br /><br />**2020-October-10, Circinus (Jan 18 - Mar 4)**: If you are smart you will find ways to get past some kind of obstacle and get to where you need to be. But don’t be so ruthlessly ambitious that you compromise and risk making enemies. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Hildebrandtia ornata](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Hildebrandtia&where-species=ornata) urges you to visit sites where the roots of already-growing plants develop. These sites may be unfavorable conditions for new amphibians because they are usually under stones, logs, and dry debris (H. Hines 1996). <br /><br />**2020-October-10, Coma Berenices (Mar 5 - Apr 21)**: Before you admit that you have fallen short of your true potential again you should take it as a sign that you are doing something worthwhile with your life. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Leptopelis nordequatorialis](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Leptopelis&where-species=nordequatorialis) reminds you of water bodies in forests. <br /><br />