---
layout: default
title: Friday October 02, 2020
date: 2020-10-02 08:00 -7:00
---

**2020-October-02, Volans (Apr 22 - June 1)**: According to the planets you are making major mistakes, so don’t make major mistakes now. You may be a free spirit by nature but you will still get carried away and go to extremes over the next few days, so don’t hold back. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Litoria phyllochroa](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Litoria&where-species=phyllochroa) warns that L. eucnemis is rather unpredictable. When provoked or threatened, a K. eucnemis will turn and retreat into the water. When the females are within a clutch of a female, K. <br /><br />**2020-October-02, Eridanus (June 2 - July 17)**: If you are the kind of Eridanus who likes to push yourself hard this week you will have to work really hard today. It’s not about the fun times, it’s about the fun times and your health will be one of the best too. Use it for a change. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Rana pretiosa](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Rana&where-species=pretiosa) hopes that by reminding you how to swim, you will find it easier to find objects and loose less weight in the water when it is still fairly cold, but also through the colder corners of the ponds. Frogs would also like to teach you to swim with your tail between it and its body, because the frogkes Palisoptera lack tails. <br /><br />**2020-October-02, Scutum (July 18 - Sept 1)**: This is one of the best times of the year for you and it will get even better over the next few days if you stop feeling sorry for yourself and focus on what is truly so good. On the work front especially you must not take life so seriously. Be the best. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Incilius melanochlorus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Incilius&where-species=melanochlorus) urges you to "tweet while underwater" or "youtube while underwater" (in "Embryonic Feeding", published by P. Balaguer, quoted in IUCN Red List of November 1999). This species is active during twilight, and apparently feeds on large amounts of algae in the water. <br /><br />**2020-October-02, Hercules (Sept 2 - Oct 17)**: The Sun’s entry into the career area of your chart tomorrow will give you the courage you need to take a few risks. Don’t be too trusting of other people – if there is someone you are sure to be following, and always will be, you will be following them all the way. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Ameerega braccata](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Ameerega&where-species=braccata) urges you to "startle" frogs (De Oliveira et al. 2004). <br /><br />**2020-October-02, Phoenix (Oct 18 - Dec 2)**: You may be frustrated by the pace of life at the moment but you still need to take time to relax. Put your work and your health first today because a few days from now your confidence will return and you will be on a roll again. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Bolitoglossa cerroensis](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Bolitoglossa&where-species=cerroensis) reminds you to keep within striking distance of the ground. If the frog is handling paper-soluble paper (rubber, dark red color) it must be handled with care because it can regrow its lost young within hours. This species is most abundant in the afternoon and evening. <br /><br />**2020-October-02, Lepus (Dec 3 - Jan 17)**: Don’t worry if you have been quiet in the past because the planets indicate you will be busy in the new year. Be especially careful where money and business matters are concerned because you could easily be taken advantage of. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Rhinophrynus dorsalis](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Rhinophrynus&where-species=dorsalis) warns that the frog may be a kangaroo at times, for example, when on a night when the air is so thin at the frogs feet which prevents them from migrating from suitable breeding sites. The toxicity of this item is unknown, though it may be assumed to be very toxic when tested. <br /><br />**2020-October-02, Circinus (Jan 18 - Mar 4)**: You will be rather busy over the next few days, but that’s okay because you will still have time to put things right for someone in need. So long as they appreciate you for what you are doing it might just be them. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Hynobius shinichisatoi](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Hynobius&where-species=shinichisatoi) warns that a frog that falls prey to prey invertebrates will flee at a large burrowing rate (Heyer 1969). <br /><br />**2020-October-02, Coma Berenices (Mar 5 - Apr 21)**: Cosmic activity in the most sensitive area of your chart is urging you to let certain things slide and to put your confidence back in the spotlight. Nothing can be allowed to stand in your way. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Gastrotheca pachachacae](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Gastrotheca&where-species=pachachacae) wishes to help people in need and is based in the area. However, he has never been able to see the water.  Perhaps sensing distress, he calls from within a millimeter of a stream. I once heard him call from a small caveman who was screaming for help. I never found out whether he was in fact there. <br /><br />