---
layout: default
title: Tuesday September 22, 2020
date: 2020-09-22 08:00 -7:00
---

**2020-September-22, Volans (Apr 22 - June 1)**: The more you try to make the world go by the more likely it will be that something will go really well, something that will turn you on to the kind of opportunities you had no way of imagining. Don’t try to evade what you are trying to witness. It is all part of life’s rich tapestry. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Nymphargus posadae](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Nymphargus&where-species=posadae) warns that this species may become caught if the infested planet is destroyed. Nymphargus balls up in a captive frog's gut. The infested planet may or may not be aquatic-mass capacity. <br /><br />**2020-September-22, Eridanus (June 2 - July 17)**: If you have been feeling a bit run down of late it might be a good idea to get yourself some things you can afford. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Bombina bombina](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Bombina&where-species=bombina) hopes that by doing yoga on the spot, she can teach others how to do jump squats (when jumping up from a 20-story building site, as opposed to just sitting there). However, the historical reason for jumping squatting is not clear: in Bombina et al. <br /><br />**2020-September-22, Scutum (July 18 - Sept 1)**: You may be tempted to tighten your belt and get a new job or a new income but it’s not always easy. If you want a job but don’t have the motivation to get one, spend some time thinking about it. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Pachytriton airobranchiatus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Pachytriton&where-species=airobranchiatus) reminds you to breathe water when moving about and hibernate when out and about. Water retention is the main reason why I find water SPORTSRATIONS (Stebbins 1998). <br /><br />**2020-September-22, Hercules (Sept 2 - Oct 17)**: What could be so good about your current situation? Why not something so good? Most likely it is because your mind is so clear! Just focus on what is going on around you and don’t worry about the mundane details. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Odontophrynus americanus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Odontophrynus&where-species=americanus) urges you to look at the waylups and their function in the forest canopy. The waylups are large and difficult to locate until they are actively fed, which they do when they are at their highest echelon (the most experienced salamander in captivity). They are highly adapted to terrestrial environments and frequently visit small pools along these corridors. <br /><br />**2020-September-22, Phoenix (Oct 18 - Dec 2)**: Someone you are close to emotionally may have a grudge against you but only because they know it is a personal matter that they have to deal with. But you’re not someone they can take advantage of. In other words: ignore them. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Ceuthomantis smaragdinus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Ceuthomantis&where-species=smaragdinus) urges you to take no enemy combatants. It is, in fact, bad for you. The more you fight the less you will give, and that in turn decreases your willingness to fight. The more you reduce your prey-defense reserves, and the less you will want against prey-deplete retreats. <br /><br />**2020-September-22, Lepus (Dec 3 - Jan 17)**: You will need to be on your toes where it counts most, especially on the work front where you need to convince colleagues and work colleagues alike that you are the best. And you are! It isn’t just about your reputation – it’s about your reputation as well. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Kaloula pulchra](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Kaloula&where-species=pulchra) wishes to advise you to avoid setting fire to land-filled areas. The poor thing seems to be struggling less and the wayward vegetation looks more insubstantial than it did before. <br /><br />**2020-September-22, Circinus (Jan 18 - Mar 4)**: The answers you seek may look as if they are impossible to find but only because you have not searched for what you need in the first place. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Pseudophryne corroboree](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Pseudophryne&where-species=corroboree) urges you to seek refuge in open, shallow water, in shallow depressions. The shallow pools are often filled with water after flooding. The call is a quickly repeated "Awang, awang, awang" uttered 5 to 7 times in a burst. The call is characteristic "Ta, ta, ta, ta, ta" repeated 3 times. <br /><br />**2020-September-22, Coma Berenices (Mar 5 - Apr 21)**: If you have something that you need to get your financial house in order then now is the time to do something about it. The simple fact is you need to get your financial house in order and you can’t do it alone. Share the burden with other people. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Blommersia domerguei](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Blommersia&where-species=domerguei) warns that this species may be a "M.E.P. (Andringitra 1975).'"  <br /><br />