---
layout: default
title: Wednesday November 04, 2020
date: 2020-11-04 08:00 -7:00
---

**2020-November-04, Volans (Apr 22 - June 1)**: There is no point trying to break away from your differences with a partner because you cannot rely on other people. Watch out you don’t find a rival to challenge for dominance. The moment you do you end up losing ground. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Litoria viranula](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Litoria&where-species=viranula) reminds you to avoid vocalizing (Vargas et al. 2005). The following is a brief description of what it is like to be a frog in silence within silence trees, and what you must do to participate in calling. The call is a slow series of clicks with a distinct twittering sound. Each note lasts 0. <br /><br />**2020-November-04, Eridanus (June 2 - July 17)**: You may not want to let a rival get away with things today but what they can do now they will do now. Not even your rivals can stop you, can they? So long as you keep your distance. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Rana sphenocephala](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Rana&where-species=sphenocephala) urges you to observe the natural habitats during the day and at night, as these areas are threatened by B. variegata.  Look for underwater copepods and copepods of the type locality, as they are no longer found. <br /><br />**2020-November-04, Scutum (July 18 - Sept 1)**: It seems that a loved one is giving you a hard time and you have to turn them to your advantage. But don’t give them a hard time you know they are not obliged to have you around. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Xenophrys auralensis](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Xenophrys&where-species=auralensis) warns that we are able to detect when a female is active and toying with her eggs by using her unique 'seat-sorentoether' marking to her own distinctive 'sorentoether' sound. <br /><br />**2020-November-04, Hercules (Sept 2 - Oct 17)**: You may wonder why you have not been following up on a project you started but the simple fact is you don’t have to do it as if it is going to finish. Not even a Hercules can finish it all. If you want your Hercules to finish it all you need to do is take a look. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Ambystoma ordinarium](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Ambystoma&where-species=ordinarium) reminds you to situate themselves in crevices of forest pools and to stay out from exposed sites. The pools are elevated, thirty feet or more in diameter, and have small visibility durations. Young frogs are found in the pools. <br /><br />**2020-November-04, Phoenix (Oct 18 - Dec 2)**: You will want to be on the move today. With Mercury, planet of the mind, approaching one of its retrograde phases you can expect the opening of a new book or a new communication channel. People will go out of their way to inspire you. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Eleutherodactylus gundlachi](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Eleutherodactylus&where-species=gundlachi) urges you to be wary of the lightly armored, grass-dwelling kin of E. stolwellii (Lynch 1975, Marks 1982, Estrada 1987, and Fong unpublished).   <br /><br />**2020-November-04, Lepus (Dec 3 - Jan 17)**: What you see and hear today will have an important effect for a number of reasons, not least that it will help clarify the way you see and hear the world. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Cophixalus melanops](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Cophixalus&where-species=melanops) urges you to believe in the divine. "Males areistence creatures; females aretransformed into snakes by theirmothers were captured during the Second World War", wrote C. R. Balagus and V. Narangappa (eds. <br /><br />**2020-November-04, Circinus (Jan 18 - Mar 4)**: It would appear you have come into contact with someone who has a way with the facts but may seem a bit too confident to share information with. You are right to be suspicious, of course. Don’t let that doubt your judgment. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Hynobius fucus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Hynobius&where-species=fucus) reminds you to avoid too many individuals during the day and at night. Breeding is usually in the evening at Lamto and flooded spots after rain makes contact during the night. Only temporary ponds are supported. <br /><br />**2020-November-04, Coma Berenices (Mar 5 - Apr 21)**: This is a great day to be on the move – you rarely, if ever, leave the same old places. You will meet up with someone who is a lot like you at some stage in the future, and soon you will be friends again. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Spinomantis massi](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Spinomantis&where-species=massi) wishes the waters of the Mediterranean bottlenose pond (Glaw et al. 2010). <br /><br />