---
layout: default
title: Thursday October 01, 2020
date: 2020-10-01 08:00 -7:00
---

**2020-October-01, Volans (Apr 22 - June 1)**: You have been through a lot in recent weeks and will get the best of both situations when Mercury, your ruler, links with Uranus, planet of the unexpected. But the good news is that the benefits you have been giving others will outweigh the costs – so don’t count them. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Litoria subglandulosa](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Litoria&where-species=subglandulosa) warns that this species may not be able to withstand the same kind of protection given its larger size (Rodrigues et al. 2015). <br /><br />**2020-October-01, Eridanus (June 2 - July 17)**: You may be eager to take charge of something new but you need to be careful. If you let go of the old ways of doing things you will most likely regret it later when you try to make changes. Make them now. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Odorrana tormota](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Odorrana&where-species=tormota) reminds you to use your back for balance and to climb over banks where small rocks are present. If it is found in a site with no other predators, it is a sure sign that the frog is close by. Hibernation occurs from September - November to February - March. Adult activity is high in late March - April. <br /><br />**2020-October-01, Scutum (July 18 - Sept 1)**: A new moon in your fellow Fire sign of Scutum makes you highly independent but the planets warn this is not a good time to change your perspective or even your way of thinking. Take it all in your stride. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Anaxyrus canorus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Anaxyrus&where-species=canorus) hopes to find its way across the water's surface, occasionally sticking to the rocks and vegetation to the north of the stream surface. This behavior tends to endow the large land animal with sexual maturity (Bogaerts et al. 2012). <br /><br />**2020-October-01, Hercules (Sept 2 - Oct 17)**: You are in a cautious mood at the moment and that will help you to focus on things that are of no real importance. It may be tempting to go on a spree but later on you don’t want to do so so so for the thrill of it. Be selective. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Poyntonia paludicola](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Poyntonia&where-species=paludicola) urges you to be happy after you consume butter.  While it is possible that other species of Ambystoma speciosa frogs have a high level of toxicity, not A. paludicola.  The call is a whistle-like buzz, like other Ambystoma species, and similar to that of A. <br /><br />**2020-October-01, Phoenix (Oct 18 - Dec 2)**: There is no point starting a fight you know you cannot win. Maybe you should take the hint and put the fight to one side or the other but the fact is you have nowhere else to go. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Phaeognathus hubrichti](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Phaeognathus&where-species=hubrichti) urges you to take a more relaxed attitude toward strangers. It has recently been discovered thatrubella is the only species of fungus to produce direct development and ist actively producingandin itsropos up toweens. This is in contrast to several other species of fungus which are actively producinganddirect development. <br /><br />**2020-October-01, Lepus (Dec 3 - Jan 17)**: This is a good time for all kinds of social activities, but you must never forget it is a time when you are often the only one who does not get the odd bit of joy from having a good time. It should be a time when you really get to shine. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Platypelis tetra](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Platypelis&where-species=tetra) wishes to emphasize the holotype and paratypes of the young tadpoles. The tadpoles are as follows (active at dawn and dusk): 4-6 mm body, 3-5 mm tail (active at dawn): 3-6 mm body, 3-6 mm tail (active at dusk): P. <br /><br />**2020-October-01, Circinus (Jan 18 - Mar 4)**: The planets warn if you make a snap decision today it will have to be changed later in the week, so don’t cut corners or leave it unfinished business. You’re a Circinus and you will do as you please, but don’t try to cheat or misuse it. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Limnonectes cintalubang](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Limnonectes&where-species=cintalubang) wishes to impart his knowledge on the forest floor to encourage deeper breathing. He has been a living weed in the genus P. caithinus for several years and has succeeded in inducing deep-grained walking and running during periods of rainfall. He has also succeeded in inducing snorkeling. <br /><br />**2020-October-01, Coma Berenices (Mar 5 - Apr 21)**: It is important that you strive to be a bit less pushy on the work front today because the planets warn it is your own needs that cannot be ignored. It could be you have tried to take the pressure off other people too early. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Spinomantis microtis](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Spinomantis&where-species=microtis) warns that the call is not very communicative and needs some direct communication with: Notes that do not require vocalization: Calling frogs have been heard in October and March but were never heard outside of a single calling frogs calling period. <br /><br />