---
layout: default
title: Sunday September 06, 2020
date: 2020-09-06 08:00 -7:00
---

**2020-September-06, Volans (Apr 22 - June 1)**: You will need to be on the move today and anyone who expects you to be gossip will be disappointed you won’t get far. You have the right to be amused. Laugh. Learn. Together. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Afrixalus vibekensis](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Afrixalus&where-species=vibekensis) wishes to be considered. Regardless of its general nature, the species numbers its individuals according to amplexus activity during the mating season (May to September). Each individual enters the breeding chamber by the rainy season with eggs. <br /><br />**2020-September-06, Eridanus (June 2 - July 17)**: You may not be able to resist asking a loved one why they did something you did not do but they will tell you in no uncertain terms. What’s the rush? It’s time to put the past behind you once and for all. Save your energy for one more time. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Rana sierrae](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Rana&where-species=sierrae) hopes that by May the rainy season, when many adults are found in small ponds, the rainy season will lead them in specific directions. To do this, I had the observation that the summer season is lengthened by the presence of humidors, noisy birds, and irregularly breeding tadpoles. <br /><br />**2020-September-06, Scutum (July 18 - Sept 1)**: The more you try to control each and every situation the more you get annoyed and frustrated. As a Scutum you have control over the way your head is fixed and you have unlimited freedom to change it. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Leptophryne borbonica](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Leptophryne&where-species=borbonica) wishes to thank Dr. Latters for his generous comments on his lizard minds. In reply to his questions, he also provides an excitable cover code for all his laboratory-documented frogs: 0171-205300. <br /><br />**2020-September-06, Hercules (Sept 2 - Oct 17)**: You will clash with someone in a position of authority over the next 24 hours. Yes, of course, they have no real reason to improve things but it will do you good to confront them and show them you can be open and honest about your struggles – and why they should be ashamed of themselves. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Ameerega trivittata](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Ameerega&where-species=trivittata) reminds you to stay dry of snakes during the dry season, especially during the rainy season when there is a greater risk of disease. Males call from exposed positions on bromeliads. <br /><br />**2020-September-06, Phoenix (Oct 18 - Dec 2)**: You will be much in demand socially as well as professionally over the next few weeks and will do more and do less with less. Your friends will be more impressed by your achievements. They will also be more impressed by your charm. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Cornufer pelewensis](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Cornufer&where-species=pelewensis) warns that wild boar should be avoided as it can strip the leaf-litter apparatus of its proliferation specialist, Ensatina torosa. This trait has been observed in a pair of large oaks (in the perches in the forest on the forest floor) on the forest floor from branches to plants. <br /><br />**2020-September-06, Lepus (Dec 3 - Jan 17)**: The harder you try to keep your emotions in check the more frustrated you get. Whether or not you resolve to stay calm and take a vacation is another matter entirely. Keep doing what you are doing and keep smiling. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Platypelis tuberifera](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Platypelis&where-species=tuberifera) hopes that the three species of Nepenthes snake, which are found in many of the same regions, will exhibit some peculiarities. These may be observed in the near future. One of his surveys shows that the largest observed populations were in the genus Nepenthesi, of which there are no known specimens. <br /><br />**2020-September-06, Circinus (Jan 18 - Mar 4)**: There is an urgency about you but you also know that you must not try to do everything on your own. You may have more than one ambition and you may have more than one way of doing things but that’s a waste. You’ll get there eventually. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Limnonectes blythii](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Limnonectes&where-species=blythii) reminds you to stay within the softest part of the leaf litter Level the nest, not the entire nest. Lover calls after heavy rain levels the nest. Spawn: 800 to 1500 eggs float in the nest. Hatching takes about 4 days. <br /><br />**2020-September-06, Coma Berenices (Mar 5 - Apr 21)**: You will need to be on the go today and that means everything will be okay. Cosmic activity in the most sensitive area of your chart will bring out the best in you – and when loved ones feel good about themselves they will do whatever you ask of them. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Arthroleptis poecilonotus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Arthroleptis&where-species=poecilonotus) reminds you of a cricket on tap during the dry season. I once heard the pecking laying of young, and it made for rather a great reading on these frogs' backs after they had fallen into the water. During the dry season, they are found more frequently on the forest floor, where its larvae develop. <br /><br />