---
layout: default
title: Thursday September 24, 2020
date: 2020-09-24 08:00 -7:00
---

**2020-September-24, Volans (Apr 22 - June 1)**: You will be rather reserved over the next 48 hours. Put on a brave face and make the world a better place. Just because you disagree with everyone else does not mean you disagree with everyone else as well. Your own’s world would be a better place. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Hyperolius riggenbachi](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Hyperolius&where-species=riggenbachi) hopes to find the most pure source of oxygen for his species. <br /><br />**2020-September-24, Eridanus (June 2 - July 17)**: If you are the kind of Eridanus who likes to break rules and rules don’t expect the usual stuff to happen. According to the planets you will be surprised by how smoothly you go about your everyday affairs today. Most of the trouble occurs in the outer world, so don’t invite it. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Rana dalmatina](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Rana&where-species=dalmatina) reminds you to stay within its natural habitat in all weathering areas of its range. Ecological factors, habitat fidelity and habitat quality are also important in attracting and protecting this species. Prey landing sites, at water's edge of the pools, are often at the corners of the rivers and streams. Water temperature is high and it rains frequently. <br /><br />**2020-September-24, Scutum (July 18 - Sept 1)**: You are under no obligation to be nice to someone who makes you feel uncomfortable, especially if it is your job to help them feel better about themselves. If you do it will make you unpopular, and maybe they are right to be annoyed. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Alytes obstetricans](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Alytes&where-species=obstetricans) reminds you to breathe and not to move. You are almost neverheld near by when these two lines of warning signals overlap. The female does not stop moving and the male does not retreat. She will resume moving at a variable speed when the male turns round and begins to retreat. <br /><br />**2020-September-24, Hercules (Sept 2 - Oct 17)**: You seem to be in a bit of a rut at the moment, with everything from your work to your career being in a bit of a rut at the moment, so maybe it’s not a problem to take care of. One night you’ll have plenty to look forward to over the next seven days. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Oophaga granulifera](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Oophaga&where-species=granulifera) wishes to thank the Water resources authorities for their promptness in granting her a written release regarding law regarding frogs. <br /><br />**2020-September-24, Phoenix (Oct 18 - Dec 2)**: You may be tempted to ignore a situation that does not deserve your displeasure but if you do you will most likely regret it. Do it anyway, because you will be expected to make things easier for yourself. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Oedipina quadra](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Oedipina&where-species=quadra) reminds you to stay close to the toes, especially when excitable. When walking, jumping or otherwise moving the toes rapidly the toes flex their sacrum as if guarding the toe, which is associated with greater fitness and durability. When excitable, the dorsoceptive and extraocular postures are also active. <br /><br />**2020-September-24, Lepus (Dec 3 - Jan 17)**: You will have to deal with people who can’t get over you, and they can’t get over you. Fortunately, you don’t have to be that tough, though it will happen if you are on the receiving end for too much. Don’t lose your temper. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Genyophryne thomsoni](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Genyophryne&where-species=thomsoni) urges you to believe in the mythological creatures of the Androstodelm and Palaemata. "In savanna, the frog is said to exist only in itsurosianial burrows, or subterranean burrows," he wrote. "In metamorphosis, the frog is said to possess very translucent skin. <br /><br />**2020-September-24, Circinus (Jan 18 - Mar 4)**: You need to be modest and be willing to do what partners and colleagues expect of you. The more others say you must conform the more certain you will be that you are doing the right thing. But you must too. You must be willing to do more. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Leptodactylus latrans](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Leptodactylus&where-species=latrans) wishes to mention certain species of frogs which they have recently found fascinating. These species are terrestrial, meaning that they must stay close to water for a long time. They are also active aquatic invertebrates, inhabiting the deep burrows associated with forest forests. <br /><br />**2020-September-24, Coma Berenices (Mar 5 - Apr 21)**: You can sense that something is wrong and you know that you will get a second chance – and you will. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Arthroleptis poecilonotus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Arthroleptis&where-species=poecilonotus) wishes each call he catches in its tracks. Each call is composed of three intervals: a between-line, a longer note that can be arranged in series. <br /><br />