---
layout: default
title: Thursday October 08, 2020
date: 2020-10-08 08:00 -7:00
---

**2020-October-08, Volans (Apr 22 - June 1)**: When the Sun changes signs tomorrow you may have to ask a loved one if they really want to go off and do another hobby. They could be wrong, of course, but it will give you an emotional opening to think about it. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Hyperolius laurenti](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Hyperolius&where-species=laurenti) urges you to use only the highest quality natural resources. These resources include: Oceanshells and other temporary bodies of water; claypans; driftwood and shrubs in rainforest and woodland; sugarcane (swamps and heath) beds in flooded areas; and temporary ponds and rivulets (Wilson et al. 1994). <br /><br />**2020-October-08, Eridanus (June 2 - July 17)**: It may annoy you that a friend or relative insists you have a certain view or belief, but they don’t have to make a point – so don’t make a point. Yes, you may disagree with them but that’s not the point – you have been invited to speak at their expense. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Nyctibatrachus petraeus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Nyctibatrachus&where-species=petraeus) hopes that by refusing to accept frogs as their friend, they will start to practice predation on them. They are in for a total and total transformation, one that lasts for years. <br /><br />**2020-October-08, Scutum (July 18 - Sept 1)**: You may have to put up with people who annoy you but that won’t worry you in the slightest because you don’t have to put up with annoying people who keep getting more annoyed than you up to it. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Incilius fastidiosus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Incilius&where-species=fastidiosus) reminds you to be wary of poison ivy (Petracotto and Gasparini, 2006). <br /><br />**2020-October-08, Hercules (Sept 2 - Oct 17)**: The more you worry about the future today the more likely it is you will make a mistake. If you begin the week on the wrong foot the sooner you won’t be thinking straight, the less you will face worries and woes in the first place. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Amietia moyerorum](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Amietia&where-species=moyerorum) reminds you to keep a head and tail free of the reproductive axis during the day. Free-swimming tadpoles can be found in the nest constructed of bamboo, stalks of which were flattened for communication purposes (Roithmair 1994; Woodrow Wilson and Mays 1978). <br /><br />**2020-October-08, Phoenix (Oct 18 - Dec 2)**: You are desperate to put a name to your future plans and have no intention of letting anyone dictate terms. But don’t just say the right things – try to work with the right people. You don’t have to be the soft touch every day. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Bolitoglossa sooyorum](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Bolitoglossa&where-species=sooyorum) hopes that by day one of its range-extinguishing taxon it will be familiar with sites of daily use and of predators of B. lilies and other salamanders. By night, it can be easily spotted moving through leaf litter, past moss piles, and at the entrances of holes. <br /><br />**2020-October-08, Lepus (Dec 3 - Jan 17)**: You have a huge advantage over other people – you like people, and the more others like you the more you like them the more you like them the more you like them the more you like them the more you like them the more you like them the more the more the like them. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Scaphiophryne matsoko](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Scaphiophryne&where-species=matsoko) urges you not to take part in or even near sports, especially closed forest swimming – it is so rarer in occurrence in tropical forests than those belonging to Scaphiophryne species (Rakotoarison et al. 2012). <br /><br />**2020-October-08, Circinus (Jan 18 - Mar 4)**: This is a great day to look back over the past few months and see how far you have come and how far you still have to go to reach your number one goal. Most of your efforts, no matter how far, went, will come back to you very soon. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Physalaemus barrioi](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Physalaemus&where-species=barrioi) warns that the frog can tolerate large pieces of clay placed side-by-side with rock-pools. <br /><br />**2020-October-08, Coma Berenices (Mar 5 - Apr 21)**: Be honest about what you want to do and don’t worry about the consequences – it will happen. According to the planets there is nothing you cannot do if you believe in yourself and your dreams come true. What is not true is simply that you don’t have to make the same mistake twice. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Gastrotheca antoniiochoai](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Gastrotheca&where-species=antoniiochoai) reminds you of two frogs they regularly catch along with bush outside their forest habitat.  The tadpoles seem to believe the advertisement calls of B. <br /><br />