---
layout: default
title: Monday September 28, 2020
date: 2020-09-28 08:00 -7:00
---

**2020-September-28, Volans (Apr 22 - June 1)**: Your confidence will soar over the next few days, and your energy and enthusiasm will go beyond your control, making it easy for you to take the kind of risks you usually try hard to avoid. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Boana calcarata](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Boana&where-species=calcarata) hopes that you will adopt a free-swimming lifestyle and adopt a general habitat for breeding and reproduction (Haddad and Sawaya 1998). <br /><br />**2020-September-28, Eridanus (June 2 - July 17)**: Why are you so angry? Because you can’t seem to control your emotions. Take a deep breath and hold it over your head. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Pulchrana siberu](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Pulchrana&where-species=siberu) hopes that by traveling further afield they will find more than they find in the way of food. <br /><br />**2020-September-28, Scutum (July 18 - Sept 1)**: You rarely stray from the right line, and it’s rarely that you do but when you do you go right the other way again. The planets warn this time you will take the right to assert yourself and act on what others say is a thoroughly legitimate point. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Leptobrachium bompu](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Leptobrachium&where-species=bompu) warns that this species may be at risk from consuming large amounts of water. <br /><br />**2020-September-28, Hercules (Sept 2 - Oct 17)**: You will enjoy your social life more if you get to know other people first. The better you will be to share your experience with others, the better you will get. Be open to new ideas and be prepared to consider alternative explanations for what happens today. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Ranitomeya summersi](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Ranitomeya&where-species=summersi) urges you to remain on the home front or risk losing a dominant position. The most important thing is for you to remain free on the home front.  If you try to defend yourself when huddled in a circle, your rivals will quickly retreat to the other side. <br /><br />**2020-September-28, Phoenix (Oct 18 - Dec 2)**: Your ability to read the minds of partners and colleagues will give you the chance to learn from the mistakes of those who did not take the advice they so rightly recommended. Phoenix is a cardinal sign and has strong cultural links to your home planet Pluto. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Eleutherodactylus cochranae](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Eleutherodactylus&where-species=cochranae) hopes to one day be able to immerse his new species in an arboreal environment. The cave-dwelling, arboreal lifestyle of this frog is associated with immobility, which is associated with premaxillary toothlessness (Stebbins 1951). <br /><br />**2020-September-28, Lepus (Dec 3 - Jan 17)**: You have an important message to get across and if you don’t start soon you may miss out on a treasure hunt of some kind. You may even feel lucky with your luck – you’ll find something you really like. There’s nothing like it. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Kaloula borealis](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Kaloula&where-species=borealis) urges you to take the necessary steps to protect the species from predation. He further adds that it is not only necessary but desirable to protect this species from this danger, while also providing a certain level of protection from vibration and vibration properties. <br /><br />**2020-September-28, Circinus (Jan 18 - Mar 4)**: You will have to get past whatever it is you are doing, regardless of whether it is right or wrong. If you can do it, go for it. If you are not in the right then quit, because it isn’t really worth the effort. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Limnonectes megastomias](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Limnonectes&where-species=megastomias) urges you to stay within the natural limits of the woodland woodland area just outside the breeding season (February - April). This is the ideal location to stay in case of danger of entry of other frogs (IUCN 2006). Calling males can be found nearly at the same sites, but are considerably smaller (Clarke et al. 2009). <br /><br />**2020-September-28, Coma Berenices (Mar 5 - Apr 21)**: You have taken on a lot of new responsibilities of late but you really should have seen it coming. With Venus, your ruler, moving into the most dynamic area of your chart today you will want to take on even more. It will pay you to do so. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Boophis sibilans](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Boophis&where-species=sibilans) warns that calling frogs could be misled by the tadpoles of only a select few individuals. Recently metamorphosed juveniles, unknown in captivity, were Heard Parnell (1980), Camerounoecoecos (Stuart and 1974), and others. <br /><br />