---
layout: default
title: Wednesday September 02, 2020
date: 2020-09-02 08:00 -7:00
---

**2020-September-02, Volans (Apr 22 - June 1)**: The Sun’s entry into the most dynamic area of your chart on Thursday will provoke you to change your plans and do something out of the ordinary but even a Volans has to think about it before backing them up with concrete results. They can come sooner or they can back sooner. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Litoria electrica](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Litoria&where-species=electrica) hopes you will take advantage of its unique habitat and adopt the way it inhabits (and calls). It also envisions a world where the web of living and eating web is impervious to most predators (McDiarmid 1978). <br /><br />**2020-September-02, Eridanus (June 2 - July 17)**: You will have to make the most of tomorrow’s new moon to put a finishing touch on a project you seem determined to fail at. The good news is that success will be yours if you keep a sense of perspective. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Rana aurora](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Rana&where-species=aurora) hopes that you will give a powerful speech, and in doing so,  he/she will demonstrate for the first time how to lay a gravid egg (an egg that iselasticly fertilized)  (Kaefer et al. 2008).  This is very similar to the behavior of the tadpole  (Kaefer et al. <br /><br />**2020-September-02, Scutum (July 18 - Sept 1)**: No matter how hard you work and no matter how smart and hard-working a Scutum you may be you would be wise to forgive and forget today. You may be old and cold but you can still have fun, and maybe you can cool off a bit. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Salamandra algira](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Salamandra&where-species=algira) wishes to express his sincere appreciation to Alloussipe Armas, the patron and guide, for their helpful comments during the development of this species. The information in this publication is for educational purposes only and is not meant to suggest a penalty to the species or to suggest that the species ever should be. <br /><br />**2020-September-02, Hercules (Sept 2 - Oct 17)**: There is a danger today that you will exaggerate your abilities to get what you want and keep them happy. But more likely you are trying to make a point rather than playing favorites. Stay on the good side with the people that need you the most. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Ambystoma opacum](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Ambystoma&where-species=opacum) urges you to visit sites where nature has protected its eggs. The eggs hatch within 14 to 18 days. The tadpoles hatch up to 9 mm (near their center). <br /><br />**2020-September-02, Phoenix (Oct 18 - Dec 2)**: Your confidence will soar over the next few days and you will be no doubt no doubt that you have what it takes to succeed. And you will succeed. Remember, too, that what you think matters most is the least of all other people. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Bolitoglossa aurae](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Bolitoglossa&where-species=aurae) reminds you to stay away from areas that are rapidly becoming desaturated. This is because desaturated areas are areas where essential oases are lacking. [Bolitoglossa aurae](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Bolitoglossa&where-species=aurae) also makes it easy for predators to prey on smaller prey items, such as coleopteran larvae and ants (ants). <br /><br />**2020-September-02, Lepus (Dec 3 - Jan 17)**: Make sure you know what you are letting yourself in for before taking on even more work. The more you work on something the more pressure you will put on yourself. Don’t worry, it won’t be a total bust. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Cophixalus pipilans](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Cophixalus&where-species=pipilans) warns that this species inTL may harbor a hidden agenda. Once established, populations can grow very quickly and rapidly, especially in the dry season. Once established, populations can grow very fast and easily, especially in the first trimester of life, as perPandas.com. <br /><br />**2020-September-02, Circinus (Jan 18 - Mar 4)**: Are the omens of this new phase favorable? That depends on how confident you feel you can be that what you are doing is going to work out for the best. Could you do it? After all, most of the things you have been working on are going to work out for the best. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Uperoleia rugosa](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Uperoleia&where-species=rugosa) hopes that the bugs will float on the water surface, where they become tadpoles. He has found that calling males sit on the surface of the water, calling from the bugs. <br /><br />**2020-September-02, Coma Berenices (Mar 5 - Apr 21)**: If you want to achieve something worthwhile now is the time to get serious about it. No doubt you have high hopes for the future but you must be realistic about your aims. Make sure you get noticed first. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Boophis pauliani](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Boophis&where-species=pauliani) warns that certain call types may not be sexually mature at the time of hatching, but must in a short time for the calling individuals to reach sexual maturity. These type specimens probably have a relatively short reproductive period. During the dry season, they are found more frequently in the forest, particularly on the edges of pools and on riverbanks. <br /><br />