---
layout: default
title: "Sunday August 30, 2020"
date: 2020-08-30 08:00 -7:00

---


-  **2020-August-30, Volans (Apr 22 - June 1)**: You may feel that you are the only one who knows what’s going on but you are wrong. Also, you should keep your feelings to yourself. It’s not the feelings that count – it’s the feelings that matter. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Hyperolius kivuensis](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Hyperolius&where-species=kivuensis) wishes to cultivate. He is currently in the process of making a detailed report.  
-  **2020-August-30, Eridanus (June 2 - July 17)**: The most important thing this weekend is that you don’t expect anything of yourself, not even to the extent that you would like to. If you want to be happy then you need to be confident, not arrogant. It’s not true that you’t always make the best of situations. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Leiopelma archeyi](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Leiopelma&where-species=archeyi) warns that individuals may not be completely honest in their use of T. culeus, despite the fact that they are the most fully experienced and trusted members of the group.  
-  **2020-August-30, Scutum (July 18 - Sept 1)**: You will need to be disciplined and put less important matters on hold over the next few days. Both at home and at work you will have to admit that there is a lot of noise in your life and that you need to switch off from it. Either it will stop being so noisy, or you will save a lot of noise and trouble. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Brachycephalus alipioi](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Brachycephalus&where-species=alipioi) urges you to draw a blank when dealing with the unusual group of unusual frogs known as the Salamandra. The frogs are all Salamandra, and although some are S. alpestris, S. alpestris alpestris is apparently a more or less constant species throughout.  
-  **2020-August-30, Hercules (Sept 2 - Oct 17)**: You must do what you can to steer clear of situations that are not going to be productive. Be selective about what you do and be aware that it is your own problem that is under investigation – it is really not worth getting worked up about. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Arthroleptella drewesii](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Arthroleptella&where-species=drewesii) warns that eating insects, small mammals and ants could lead to cancer.  The cause of death is believed to be intraspecific.  
-  **2020-August-30, Phoenix (Oct 18 - Dec 2)**: It may be tempting to start something new today but if you do you must give it another day or two. Also, be on the lookout for new people you are not sure you can trust – they may be making plans that are, in reality, just for fun. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Plethodon yonahlossee](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Plethodon&where-species=yonahlossee) warns that this species is very wary of potential predators. "If you approach a predator with a wary posture, snake out and evade his/her hitting mechanism," it states. "This species may use its prehensile tail as a projectile."   
-  **2020-August-30, Lepus (Dec 3 - Jan 17)**: What happens today may not seem like something you enjoy but later in the week you will look back and wonder what it was like. If you have to say something bad don’t say it in front of friends and family and that could be the start of a feud. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Paradoxophyla palmata](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Paradoxophyla&where-species=palmata) reminds you to take care when swimming sites. The fast flowing water particles that filter in and out of and deposited on the shore can be dangerous whether by itself or with other people (Blackburn et al. 2014).  
-  **2020-August-30, Circinus (Jan 18 - Mar 4)**: The best way to deal with challenges is to pretend that they do not exist. It does not matter how irritating they may be, if you pretend they don’t exist they will hurt a lot of people and you alone are entitled to own up to it. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Neobatrachus aquilonius](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Neobatrachus&where-species=aquilonius) reminds you to avoid attractants, such as sand and soil. If possible, avoid water insects, such as the species are found in the age-old woodland (Radel 1998b).  
-  **2020-August-30, Coma Berenices (Mar 5 - Apr 21)**: You will have to make a few quick adjustments and make sure you know what you want in terms of a long-term strategy. The only danger is you may hesitate too much and give up on it too soon – unless you believe you really mean it. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Boophis opisthodon](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Boophis&where-species=opisthodon) hopes you will help guide him, even though the forest floor is bare for him. Of 10 large phyllophilus eggs in a sac, 4 are missing.  
