---
layout: default
title: Friday September 11, 2020
date: 2020-09-11 08:00 -7:00
---

**2020-September-11, Volans (Apr 22 - June 1)**: Today’s new moon will point you in a new and more profitable direction, so use that as the basis for your next major project. Get inspired each and every time you think about it. And don’t think about your financial situation, just think about the future. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Hyalinobatrachium iaspidiense](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Hyalinobatrachium&where-species=iaspidiense) wishes to be able to communicate using its body language. This will allow it to communicate with other members of the species group, which could be useful if the members of the Rhacophorus microcephalus group are threatened. <br /><br />**2020-September-11, Eridanus (June 2 - July 17)**: You may feel you need to do more, and you may feel you need to change your lifestyle, but don’t go too far and give up on what you are doing. What is necessary now will be more than enough in the not too distant future. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Alsodes vanzolinii](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Alsodes&where-species=vanzolinii) wishes to emphasize the unique blue-white coloration of the tadpoles during the breeding season.  This frog has the lowest reported metabolic rate (14.2 microliters/liters) for any an amphibian (Petranka 1998). <br /><br />**2020-September-11, Scutum (July 18 - Sept 1)**: If it feels good to you then maybe you should do it. Others may say that you are being irresponsible in your approach to life, that you are not pulling your weight, but you know better than to take life at a less frenzied pace. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Scutiger chintingensis](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Scutiger&where-species=chintingensis) wishes to remind us how to cleanse the body. This is very difficult to begin but once they have started they quickly become very slow. At first the belly browns seem to be light gray. At first get sluggish and heavy. <br /><br />**2020-September-11, Hercules (Sept 2 - Oct 17)**: Your approach to a business or financial issue may have to be controversial by today’s new moon, so don’t take it too seriously. People won’t be happy if you try to get involved and there is a possibility they will put you off a job or two. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Ameerega braccata](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Ameerega&where-species=braccata) wishes there were more of its species.  In the wild, males call during the day and night, but decreasing in frequency during the night, they begin calling at dawn and dusk.  Individuals call throughout the day and night, especially during periods of heavy snowmelt.  <br /><br />**2020-September-11, Phoenix (Oct 18 - Dec 2)**: You may not have made a lot of progress in recent weeks but that is no reason to hold back. Between now and the weekend you should take nothing too seriously. If you can’t do anything then just do nothing. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Platymantis negrosensis](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Platymantis&where-species=negrosensis) warns against taking any new species of leaf-litter frog (Rhamobates zongoensis, Rhamobates mexicana, and Rhamobates orientalis) into consideration for sympatry with E. orca, Atchesis elegans, and species of Plethodon. <br /><br />**2020-September-11, Lepus (Dec 3 - Jan 17)**: You have no doubts about what you are doing. You may even be able to see the point in what you are doing. Just be careful you don’t make the mistake of letting certain people know that you are leaving them off your benefit. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Rhinophrynus dorsalis](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Rhinophrynus&where-species=dorsalis) wishes to emphasize the special association they have the aestivation of their parents hand-licked their tadpoles from during their migrations in Central and South America.  Their calls are often a series of "peeping" notes, which are repeated after intervals of 1-2 notes. <br /><br />**2020-September-11, Circinus (Jan 18 - Mar 4)**: You have to accept that some people do not want to be dominated by their own desires and that if you are smart you would change your ways and do things for them. Make the first move, only more so if you feel like it. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Pachyhynobius shangchengensis](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Pachyhynobius&where-species=shangchengensis) reminds you to observe, smell and lookat. Often these frogs are found in the roadside situations at the base of grass tussocks or in tunnels. They are active predators and prey are is concealed in the burrows of the smaller frogs. Eggs are laid in soft sandy tubs at the soil surface. <br /><br />**2020-September-11, Coma Berenices (Mar 5 - Apr 21)**: As from today you will no longer think for a moment that you are being unfair, that you are being lucky and that you can do as you please. Don’t let things get so out of hand that you have to let others take care of certain tasks. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Spinomantis elegans](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Spinomantis&where-species=elegans) wishes to observe both sides of day trips. When approached, adults and juveniles alike tend to ingrain outside waters. Poorly fed, juveniles move with the rainy season into water-filled plastic bags, which are laterached foraging grounds on P. elegans. <br /><br />