---
layout: default
title: Tuesday October 13, 2020
date: 2020-10-13 08:00 -7:00
---

**2020-October-13, Volans (Apr 22 - June 1)**: You may have to make a decision but there is no point trying to hide from your fears or your own anxieties. No matter how the news you receive you must stay happy, because then and only then will you be able to look at the world in a rational way. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Diaglena spatulata](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Diaglena&where-species=spatulata) urges you to avoid vocalizing oneself. <br /><br />**2020-October-13, Eridanus (June 2 - July 17)**: Do you know what is going on or do you keep quiet? The sooner you start listening the sooner you will be able to move on and start making things right again. Most likely it’s the latter and sooner or later. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Telmatobius culeus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Telmatobius&where-species=culeus) urges you to stay away from areas that are too small for you to climb. Stay, "trick" or "un-trick" the tadpoles by pointing to waterfalls and plains with cascades. If the tadpoles are curious and/or jump jump in to waterfalls, this is a clear, one-time event. <br /><br />**2020-October-13, Scutum (July 18 - Sept 1)**: It may seem as if you don’t have a care in the world, but deep down you have worries that weigh heavily on your mind. Don’t let your worries hold you back by being honest today. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Taricha sierrae](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Taricha&where-species=sierrae) warns that this species may not be able to form long-lasting attachment groups (adultsworms). The sexual adultsworms of R. sierrae are likely to be attracted by the attractive scent of food, even though they are new to humans. <br /><br />**2020-October-13, Hercules (Sept 2 - Oct 17)**: You can handle up to yourself, you are in the kind of amazing mood where everything seems to amaze you. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Allobates flaviventris](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Allobates&where-species=flaviventris) reminds you to remain hidden at all times. When it moves away from the substrate, the individual in question will typically place his or her back on the ground, where it remains for 10-45 seconds. After retreating, the individual in question will repeat his or her motion until the calling manila dated specimen isde returned with it's specimen. <br /><br />**2020-October-13, Phoenix (Oct 18 - Dec 2)**: Be kind with other people. You may have to support someone, but unless you are the kind of Phoenix who values emotional honesty over independence it will worth it. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Eleutherodactylus turquinensis](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Eleutherodactylus&where-species=turquinensis) reminds you to stay cool and conserve breath. This is a common personal danger and C. shifti that is hiding under logs or rocks. When disturbed, it typically stays in the same place, about 1 m apart, foraging along by day. <br /><br />**2020-October-13, Lepus (Dec 3 - Jan 17)**: You will be told how to act and how to behave in your next move and what you will do over the next few days will be you’ get on and do what you want to do – but no one will know about it. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Anodonthyla nigrigularis](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Anodonthyla&where-species=nigrigularis) wishes it were some weird little frog like frogs which some bizarre ecology shock has supposedly Found this species in a rare frog of questionable species status (TL:DR), which ItDroppedItsFemojiotaotaotaotaotaotaotaotaotaotaotaotaotaotaats the following caveat: If a species is Specified for Extension itTellsIt <br /><br />**2020-October-13, Circinus (Jan 18 - Mar 4)**: There are some strange things going on around you at the moment and you are advised to deal with them as quickly as you can. Time to lighten up a bit. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Ptychadena mutinondoensis](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Ptychadena&where-species=mutinondoensis) reminds you to stay within the natural envelope of the water body, avoiding the aquatic animals. I found this species in very rocky outlying parts of areas inhabited by [Ptychadena mutinondoensis](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Ptychadena&where-species=mutinondoensis). Outside of these very rocky parts I found P. mutinondoensis relatively speaking confined to small seepage pools. <br /><br />**2020-October-13, Coma Berenices (Mar 5 - Apr 21)**: According to the planets you are the one who is overthinking and what happens today, during the early part of the week, will most likely leave you relax. Your mind is a big enough space to work out everything you need to know. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Boophis andohahela](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Boophis&where-species=andohahela) urges you to do two relatively simple trickles. One is a leaf axil of sympatric Atacommeda (Glaw and Vences 2007). The leaf axil is attached to a large clipped paper carrying capsule containing 0.1 ml of water. <br /><br />