---
layout: default
title: Sunday October 04, 2020
date: 2020-10-04 08:00 -7:00
---

**2020-October-04, Volans (Apr 22 - June 1)**: Someone you work or do business with may try to make you feel guilty about the amount of work they have done but you must not let them. It may be a blessing in disguise but it could also be a crime. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Phrynomedusa fimbriata](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Phrynomedusa&where-species=fimbriata) wishes the small green frog was a bit more mail. Phrynomedusa hectora feii eats most of its eggs; however, two closely related species, P. phyllodes and P. hectora, feed on only a few hundred eggs. Of the two closely related species, P. castaneia and P. <br /><br />**2020-October-04, Eridanus (June 2 - July 17)**: Keep your energy high and your enthusiasm contagious. You may not have made much of an impression over the past few weeks but if you keep up the momentum you will find the next few weeks will be special. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Rana huanrensis](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Rana&where-species=huanrensis) warns that some tadpoles may display extreme fidelity to advertisement calls, like those of R. laevis. If they do, it is a good chance for them. <br /><br />**2020-October-04, Scutum (July 18 - Sept 1)**: Your values may be a bit red hot over the next few days and it is likely you will compromise a bit or more but you will still need to raise your standards. Conversations that take you away from the truth may not be fun – so do them. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Oreolalax xiangchengensis](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Oreolalax&where-species=xiangchengensis) hopes you will like what you find. He will move towards the shore in rush-hour traffic, displaying his parotoid glands (Healy 1974). <br /><br />**2020-October-04, Hercules (Sept 2 - Oct 17)**: You have important issues to deal with and you will have to be flexible in the way you deal with them. But try not to be too pushy, or emotional, when dealing with people in positions of power. You should know by now that nothing cures a Hercules, so act accordingly. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Epipedobates tricolor](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Epipedobates&where-species=tricolor) warns that mates' systematized behavior is likely to lead to cannibalism.  It is possible that sympatricism in nature can facilitate the survival of offspring and mediates the cannibalistic (Basso 1990).  It is possible that cannibalism is a mediator of mate choice and interspecificism. <br /><br />**2020-October-04, Phoenix (Oct 18 - Dec 2)**: You may not have the confidence or the resources to turn your talents to a number of different things but, on the surface, that appears to be true. You may have the most dynamic running mate in the universe but there are still some people who doubt that you can ever be the person everyone wants to agree with. So make a joke of it. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Eleutherodactylus nortoni](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Eleutherodactylus&where-species=nortoni) warns that this species is very wary of touch, and displays a very good toehold at grasping the prey item (Fong unpublished). <br /><br />**2020-October-04, Lepus (Dec 3 - Jan 17)**: You may be tempted to go back and do something different this weekend, something different and maybe even spectacular. The obvious solution would be to bring back the day when you first saw the light of the back door – now it is a resounding yes. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Plethodontohyla guentheri](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Plethodontohyla&where-species=guentheri) wishes to advise its parents to avoid swimming at water surfaces where there is a substantial amount of metamorphosing material.  Their father, as already noted, was a layer under the leaf litter below the tree line.  Their mother, however, was a layer down below the leaf litter. <br /><br />**2020-October-04, Circinus (Jan 18 - Mar 4)**: A relationship may have been strained for no good reason but it’s not the end of the world. If you can learn from your recent bad experiences this week then one final time maybe soon you will get over it. Remember, it’s not about winning but about feeling. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Pseudophryne bibronii](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Pseudophryne&where-species=bibronii) hopes that by following the lunar cycle they will be attracted to the unique patterns of the waters in their area. They then spend most of the summer breeding in heaps at the ponds. They are active all year round, but time spent sitting at the water surface is not counted towards the end of the call. <br /><br />**2020-October-04, Coma Berenices (Mar 5 - Apr 21)**: You must take what you are told on trust today because the planets warn you are not being told the truth. According to the planets you should listen to your conscience today – it may not be in the cards for you today but it could be in the cards tomorrow. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Mantidactylus curtus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Mantidactylus&where-species=curtus) hopes these frogs can be found in the leaf litter outside of the rainforest. There, they call from hidden positions next to or on the ground, often close to streams. Most typically, these frogs are found hanging from leaves, usually overhanging on the ground or overhanging on the ground only slightly above the ground. <br /><br />