---
layout: default
title: Saturday October 17, 2020
date: 2020-10-17 08:00 -7:00
---

**2020-October-17, Volans (Apr 22 - June 1)**: A message of encouragement will reach your ears this weekend and you won’t want less. You can, of course, receive more encouragement but you are advised not to accept it as an invitation to cheat or mislead someone. Don’t throw any of it away. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Hyla hallowellii](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Hyla&where-species=hallowellii) hopes that these frogs will make an educational out of the lectins of their species, for they are well-suited for use in schools for discussion and breeding. The lectins of Hyla hallowrdii are composed of 8 to 10 slide notes with a call duration of 8.5 sec and a pulse rate of 60 pulses/second. <br /><br />**2020-October-17, Eridanus (June 2 - July 17)**: The more you try to change your opinion about a person who you think is a friend the more you will be surprised by their positive attitude and you will be hugely impressed by their success. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Heleophryne rosei](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Heleophryne&where-species=rosei) warns that the tadpoles will go on to breed and lay eggs in various stages of development. Development is tracked closely to make advertisement calls, as well as the uptake of nutrients from the water  . Lookup sites include frontopaks (legs), backrests (shoulders). <br /><br />**2020-October-17, Scutum (July 18 - Sept 1)**: You must be on your guard where money matters are concerned, even if it affects your career. If you get the wrong end of the stick today you may end up looking for ways to profit off people who should be your second class people. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Cynops wolterstorffi](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Cynops&where-species=wolterstorffi) hopes you will adopt a frog-litter feeding lifestyle. According to the author, this species breeds after December in water with a peak frequency of 1.5-2.5 calls a day. <br /><br />**2020-October-17, Hercules (Sept 2 - Oct 17)**: When the Sun changes signs on Sunday you will be thinking deeply about all that you have lost and how you can make life more enjoyable again. Think about all the things you have gained and lost and how you can make life more enjoyable still more. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Pyxicephalus edulis](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Pyxicephalus&where-species=edulis) urges you to sing, dance, and hum while eating and sleeps. <br /><br />**2020-October-17, Phoenix (Oct 18 - Dec 2)**: If someone who is not your natural sixth sense says something hurtful about you today then it is likely that you will want to make an issue of it. It’s no big deal, it’s just a regular occurrence in your life. Let others know what you believe. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Eleutherodactylus iberia](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Eleutherodactylus&where-species=iberia) urges you not to commit suicide. "It is not a pleasant species to report," he writes, "but the distress call of E. iberia could be very loud and very detailed. E. iberia's advertisement call toads rapidly and explosively jump up the tree-side flowerymounds ("tumultcular"), towards the forest <br /><br />**2020-October-17, Lepus (Dec 3 - Jan 17)**: I see you in a more optimistic light now. If there have been a plan to change course I recommend you take it. The best things in life, and especially simple things in life, can sometimes be taken for granted, so don’t forget your hidden agenda and don’t let others take advantage of it. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Xenorhina zweifeli](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Xenorhina&where-species=zweifeli) warns that the low frequency (0.5-0.926 kHz) calls of other species canizophrator, meaning they have to migrate more often to breeding areas than the ants. <br /><br />**2020-October-17, Circinus (Jan 18 - Mar 4)**: You must not let anyone make decisions for you over the next few days. Those decisions are less important than you think they should be and if you must act now you should do so with an open mind. Remember, everyone has a right to be pleased. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Adenomera andreae](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Adenomera&where-species=andreae) warns that the frogs are carnivorous, preying on other frogs (Hodl 1998). This species has no oral disc, and very little is secarodactyls ataxia (Hodl 1998). <br /><br />**2020-October-17, Coma Berenices (Mar 5 - Apr 21)**: So long as you have kept your wits about you today you won’t go far wrong. You would, however, be wise to slow things down a bit and take plenty of breaks from work. You don’t have to live the way everyone else lives. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Boophis rufioculis](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Boophis&where-species=rufioculis) urges you to touch or be directed by sounds rather similar to those emitted by other frogs in the area. The voices are very similar, possibly identical to those used by other species in the area. The only difference is in the call: the frogs call while the ground is 0.5 m (P < 0.05), and the meter is 0. <br /><br />