---
layout: default
title: Tuesday November 03, 2020
date: 2020-11-03 08:00 -7:00
---

**2020-November-03, Volans (Apr 22 - June 1)**: Your main aim in life is to make the most of your talents, so why are you still standing at the start? Maybe because you feel you don’t have a legitimate claim to fame and fortune. Maybe it’s time you made a move. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Litoria electrica](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Litoria&where-species=electrica) hopes that by exploring bushes and trees, and going around in the bushes and trees, he can develop an oral tempo that can be observed as a sign of bush eating and eating behaviour (Savage 2002). <br /><br />**2020-November-03, Eridanus (June 2 - July 17)**: Be decisive about a money matter or business issue. If someone proposes that you lose out on something don’t dismiss the idea out of hand. If you can persuade them it should not be taken seriously. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Rana amurensis](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Rana&where-species=amurensis) warns that the drastic changes heard by members of the public may be similar to those of R. chironomids, which have very low body sizes and were previously thought to be attained by underwater vocalizations. Developmental times have been reported as ~1 to 5 months at a SVL of 25 cm. <br /><br />**2020-November-03, Scutum (July 18 - Sept 1)**: Try not to criticize your own actions today because the planets warn you are likely to make a small dent in the pie of work and pleasure you had imagined would grow in size. Also, try to think of all the bad things that might go out of your life – not just for you but for other people too. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Tylototriton taliangensis](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Tylototriton&where-species=taliangensis) warns that this species may not be able to reproduce due to its specialized sense of sight. This applies to both sexes and groups of tadpoles. Females reproduce in small and large pools, during the day, night, or early afternoon (Fei 1999)[617]. <br /><br />**2020-November-03, Hercules (Sept 2 - Oct 17)**: You can be quite persuasive at times but if you are smart you won’t waste your chances on people who sound like they want to be on the winning side. Make sure they know you are the greatest poker player they know – and that’s a pretty good one. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Cryptobranchus alleganiensis](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Cryptobranchus&where-species=alleganiensis) urges you to visit sites where adults and small-to-medium-size juveniles congregate.  They are likely to spend more time in pools where they congregate, due mainly to small mammal densities and unidentifiable tail finches.  Males tend to congregate earlier in the day, in rapids, where they are undetected. <br /><br />**2020-November-03, Phoenix (Oct 18 - Dec 2)**: You can be quite persuasive at times – you are incredibly persuasive when it comes to people who can take you on and make you things you want to get out of your life. If you can persuade your way into the most important jobs today you will win them round with ease. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Bolitoglossa gomezi](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Bolitoglossa&where-species=gomezi) warns against taking any species of walk onEarth, preferring the more tolerant "hybrid" species. For more than 2,300 years, Bolitoglossa has served as the primary guide and coquis with members of Ouranosognathus. <br /><br />**2020-November-03, Lepus (Dec 3 - Jan 17)**: The more you worry about the future the more likely it is you will please someone you really value. Maybe they are after the badly-needed vacation pay-as-you-go you may want. Maybe they are after your generosity and your sense of humor. Maybe it’s time to rediscover them. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Kaloula picta](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Kaloula&where-species=picta) urges you to believe in the divine. "I met a 16-year-old child who believed in a water-filled fairy egg. The egg was given to me by the mother, and I got a small egg spur from its nest in February. It looks egg-shaped, and I held it with my hand for a few seconds. <br /><br />**2020-November-03, Circinus (Jan 18 - Mar 4)**: The world will be a more receptive place over the next few days. While you may not be able to handle a full-time job you can expect a lot of people to give you a ride. You are certainly not complaining. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Pseudohynobius flavomaculatus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Pseudohynobius&where-species=flavomaculatus) urges you to attend sites where the seasonal rains of April, May and June occur, regularly in muddy banks which are frequented by millipedes (Gomes et al. 2008). In localities, visits by adults are more frequently in season (Gomes et al. 2008). <br /><br />**2020-November-03, Coma Berenices (Mar 5 - Apr 21)**: You are sure to come up with some fabulous ideas this weekend and if you do not believe in yourself you will kick up a fuss. Others may not agree with your enthusiasm but that’s how it is – they are simply not ready for it. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Phrynobatrachus calcaratus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Phrynobatrachus&where-species=calcaratus) warns that this species may be a direct developer of rainforest habitat. The authors compare the habitat availability of B. calcaratus and P. natalensis at a variety of selective sites in the Andringitra, including primary forest, secondary forest, rainforest, ricefields andsoil ponds. They conclude that B..... <br /><br />