---
layout: default
title: Tuesday September 15, 2020
date: 2020-09-15 08:00 -7:00
---

**2020-September-15, Volans (Apr 22 - June 1)**: You may be in an impulsive mood and wish to show that you could deliver on a promise but you will have to work hard for it. Don’t be too pushy or you could break down in a fit of anger. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Litoria viranula](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Litoria&where-species=viranula) wishes to do some pond dancing at night. This has been recorded in her foraminifera but is rare (Kolby et al. 2008). The choreographed dancing is likely to have originated in her island environment. <br /><br />**2020-September-15, Eridanus (June 2 - July 17)**: You may have to work harder than usual to turn a profit but you will do so anyway because you want your slice of the pie. You’ve had enough of the kind of negativity that has come a long way in recent months – now you only have to be positive and make the most of it. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Amphiuma pholeter](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Amphiuma&where-species=pholeter) warns that in extreme migrations it is advised to use a combination of long-distance and short-distance running. <br /><br />**2020-September-15, Scutum (July 18 - Sept 1)**: Try to be more open about your feelings because others will find out quickly if you are willing to be frank and say sorry. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Nectophrynoides laticeps](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Nectophrynoides&where-species=laticeps) reminds you to bring a stick to a halt while approaching a male. If the male approaches slowly, he curls his tail with his front legs, creating a "sparrow tail" (Schwartz 1960; Steinfartz and others 1985; Petranka 1998). <br /><br />**2020-September-15, Hercules (Sept 2 - Oct 17)**: Your powers of persuasion will get a boost over the next few days, enabling you to put right your own mistakes while at the same time holding others to account. Promise yourself you will not take what they offer in return. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Ranitomeya imitator](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Ranitomeya&where-species=imitator) reminds you to remain in contact with their call as early as possible.  When the two species are startled, their call is repeated.  When the two species are affected, their call is repeated. <br /><br />**2020-September-15, Phoenix (Oct 18 - Dec 2)**: You have never been the kind of person who likes to get their own way but today you will give more than you think you can handle. You will be the first to admit that other people’s methods are not always to your liking. Others may be tough but all are equally as good. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Craugastor megacephalus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Craugastor&where-species=megacephalus) wishes the world was a different, more tolerant, Craugastor species. <br /><br />**2020-September-15, Lepus (Dec 3 - Jan 17)**: The Sun’s change of signs on Tuesday marks the start of a new solar year for you and it will be equally enjoyable. The things you do over the next few days will have far-reaching consequences and you may find that you no longer look forward to the fun you remember. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Plethodontohyla tuberata](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Plethodontohyla&where-species=tuberata) urges you to follow their advice and trail after the first few feet. However, it is possible they have developed a very detailed diet consisting of arthropods based on the frogs' calls.  The frogs have very fast growths and even die faster than most other members of our species  (Preeand et al. 1995). <br /><br />**2020-September-15, Circinus (Jan 18 - Mar 4)**: You must control your temper today, no matter what people may say or how you may look on the outside or in the world. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Uperoleia littlejohni](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Uperoleia&where-species=littlejohni) warns that these frogs could be a life-saver under natural conditions. <br /><br />**2020-September-15, Coma Berenices (Mar 5 - Apr 21)**: You’ve had a lot to say for yourself of late and you should know by now that you won’t be asked again for your input. Don’t let other people tell you that you are being irresponsible, or else you may have no choice but to give ground. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Mantella crocea](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Mantella&where-species=crocea) urges you to perform long stretches underwater only once a day. Most often he is also associated with snorkels. <br /><br />