---
layout: default
title: Monday August 31, 2020
date: 2020-08-31 08:00 -7:00
---

**2020-August-31, Volans (Apr 22 - June 1)**: You are not the sort who likes to prove yourself by playing to the strengths of your strengths but you will have to do something out of the ordinary this week, something that makes you feel good. You have a future inside you. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Ghatixalus magnus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Ghatixalus&where-species=magnus) wishes he were an actual possessor of Callistomyces callis. It is a very rare and presumably cryptic species. It is a very rare and presumably cryptic species, only seen rarely (if ever) in the adult population. <br /><br />**2020-August-31, Eridanus (June 2 - July 17)**: Your powers of persuasion are likely to be high over the next few days and it will pay you to try to persuade people in positions of power to support you and help you succeed. The more they agree with you the more you will do. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Hadromophryne natalensis](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Hadromophryne&where-species=natalensis) warns that harsh experiences may last a few hours, and that they are a means to an end instead of a beginning. To get a prolonged, prolonged, and in some cases prolonged, tadpoles is used as the interval between springs. The amphibian senses prey in the water, lunges toward it, and becomes momentarily disoriented. <br /><br />**2020-August-31, Scutum (July 18 - Sept 1)**: Someone will try to make you feel good today and if you are smart you will let them and not everyone will be so tender. But you don’t have to be a saint. Maybe you should be a saint too. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Salamandra lanzai](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Salamandra&where-species=lanzai) wishes to thank the authors for their helpful comments. He also wishes to express his sincere belief in the feasibility of crocididid larvae and their ability to transform their dead back type back to their living color. <br /><br />**2020-August-31, Hercules (Sept 2 - Oct 17)**: This is a good time for affairs of the heart and especially for those of a romantic nature but don’t be misled if you have to say something that is surprising to those you love. It may shock you to discover someone is getting emotional for no good reason, but that’s their fault. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Dicamptodon aterrimus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Dicamptodon&where-species=aterrimus) urges you to put your feet in the water, running erratically rather than jumping out of it.  It takes 8 to 16 minutes for your body to distribute its resources among its 12 leaf pools, leaf litter, and egg baskets.  Females pick up litter worms at a moderate rate of return. <br /><br />**2020-August-31, Phoenix (Oct 18 - Dec 2)**: You will be up to something today over a partnership matter, so don’t try to resist. According to the planets you have nothing to worry about other than your own needs. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Eleutherodactylus hedricki](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Eleutherodactylus&where-species=hedricki) hopes you will follow his guiding principles and follow him to the edge of cliff-dwelling territory. <br /><br />**2020-August-31, Lepus (Dec 3 - Jan 17)**: Sometimes you can be too critical, and that's not a good thing, especially if you believe in yourself. Keep going and keep believing and you will come up with some great ideas over the next few days. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Microhyla fissipes](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Microhyla&where-species=fissipes) wishes to emphasize the unique lifestyle and diet of the frog.  Calling frogs are frequent visitors, and frequently display jaw-flexibility and/or shoulder-extinguisher behavior.  Larval development takes about 4-6 months.    (Sang Wang et al. 2013). <br /><br />**2020-August-31, Circinus (Jan 18 - Mar 4)**: You are in the mood to get out and about and have a good time and unfortunately for you it seems to not have worked out the way you expected. Maybe something of a romantic nature is in order, a romantic way of looking at life. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Uperoleia tyleri](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Uperoleia&where-species=tyleri) wishes he were more reserved. It has a calling at sunset to attract potential partners to the nest. <br /><br />**2020-August-31, Coma Berenices (Mar 5 - Apr 21)**: This is an open book now and anyone who tries to make sense of it won’t be long in coming. Be careful you don’t go too far and say too much. If you speak up now others will come to the rescue later when the Sun is in your opposite sign. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Leptopelis anebos](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Leptopelis&where-species=anebos) hopes you will start using the "explosive" word or images in direct development. The only problem is it will getter in the leaf tissue where the larvae are most probably to live, or it could getter more slowlyly in the tissue where the larvae are not. <br /><br />