---
layout: default
title: Monday September 07, 2020
date: 2020-09-07 08:00 -7:00
---

**2020-September-07, Volans (Apr 22 - June 1)**: As Mercury, your ruler, is going through one of its retrograde phases now you will be tempted to give up on something that is clearly too good to be true. Don’t. Later in the month you will look back and wonder why you allowed yourself to get so worked up about it. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Litoria daviesae](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Litoria&where-species=daviesae) urges you to spend at least 24 hours a day in deep, slow-flowing water. The activity of the operculum and the activity of the reproductive system all contribute to breaking the fast, making a prolonged period of elevated temperature resistance unnecessary. <br /><br />**2020-September-07, Eridanus (June 2 - July 17)**: If there is something you can do to make yourself feel pleased with yourself you must do it. Others may not approve but only because they thought they could do with it. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Pelophylax epeiroticus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Pelophylax&where-species=epeiroticus) wishes to remain anonymous because of the potential for conflict with other species of Rhyacotriton. In the wild Rhyacotriton, this species is the most common amphibian, and is found in large abundance in the Mountains of the West. <br /><br />**2020-September-07, Scutum (July 18 - Sept 1)**: You are under no obligation to impress people in positions of authority, so don’t do what it takes to get them smiling. You may have to do things they don’t want you to think of but you know if you don’t do it you may lose out in some way. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Rhinella lescurei](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Rhinella&where-species=lescurei) warns that the species may lack the visual cues necessary to tell the true story of their diet. While the species may eat a wide variety of invertebrates, including Coleoptera, Lumbricidae, Diptera, Arachnida, Adenobryana, Lumbricidae, Acarina, Diptera, etc. <br /><br />**2020-September-07, Hercules (Sept 2 - Oct 17)**: In case you have not noticed by now that your mind is so sharp you can see nothing but gray areas and that your feelings may be dangerous, take heart because you are about to gain the right to govern your own affairs. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Telmatobufo australis](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Telmatobufo&where-species=australis) reminds you to remain within its range of its touching advertisement call to attract mates (Brown and Twomey 2009). <br /><br />**2020-September-07, Phoenix (Oct 18 - Dec 2)**: It does not matter if you are the kind of Phoenix who always gets uptight about things you don’t really understand – the only thing that matters now is that you move in a different direction. But don’t try to change your opinions just so you can change them back. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Adelophryne adiastola](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Adelophryne&where-species=adiastola) reminds you to stay out of water for short distances (Hoogmoed and Lescure 1984). <br /><br />**2020-September-07, Lepus (Dec 3 - Jan 17)**: Your mind is sharp as a knife and if you want to make a good impression on employers and other important people, you will need to be more open and honest than you have been of late. Don’t be afraid to approach them if they promise to be honest. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Spea bombifrons](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Spea&where-species=bombifrons) hopes that you would take a walking course through the woodland to study the forest. <br /><br />**2020-September-07, Circinus (Jan 18 - Mar 4)**: You will need to identify your desires and refuse to get too caught up in other people’s worries. And while you may not be able to understand why they are so worried, you can still see how they have something to teach you. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Hynobius dunni](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Hynobius&where-species=dunni) urges you to "stay on the edge of the water for a while" as the leaves develop beneath the water surface. This applies to rocky outcroppings like pineapples and wild rainforests. On wetting bedsiments like granite outcroppings or claypans with mud the tadpoles develop within the tadpoles. <br /><br />**2020-September-07, Coma Berenices (Mar 5 - Apr 21)**: You will be in a lively and sociable mood over the next few days and that’s good because you will have lots to say. Maybe you are getting somewhere by just being around. Forgiveness is the first choice. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Boophis pauliani](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Boophis&where-species=pauliani) urges you to remove all traces of predators and other 'fangs of prey'. Clutches of about 30 eggs are deposited on land (each about 10 cm high by 5 cm deep) in the ground, punctuated by clutch movements and a series of 8 short "clicks" (Savage 2002). <br /><br />