---
layout: default
title: Friday September 04, 2020
date: 2020-09-04 08:00 -7:00
---

**2020-September-04, Volans (Apr 22 - June 1)**: You may think you can get away with making a few outrageous demands but the people you deal with on a day-to-day basis are likely to be the people who are most in demand. You don’t need to make concessions. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Teratohyla pulverata](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Teratohyla&where-species=pulverata) hopes you will adopt as your new species of note: an active lifestyle, which can be found on the water surface (Savage 2002). <br /><br />**2020-September-04, Eridanus (June 2 - July 17)**: The planets will protect you from people who would like to undermine your confidence but if you are wise you will resist the temptation. If you are bold enough to take the kind of risk that gets you noticed you will pay for it. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Rana blairi](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Rana&where-species=blairi) wishes to thank you for visiting her natural habitat. She also wishes to thank you for havingradorr the garter snakes in mainland Japan. Theyre auteurs in Taiwan are rare among the species. <br /><br />**2020-September-04, Scutum (July 18 - Sept 1)**: You don’t have to do anything special today, you just have to enjoy yourself and take care of the chores that come your way. Life will be even tougher on the weekends over the next few weeks, so don’t do anything so solemn or so laidback that it seems you will collapse. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Nectophrynoides vestergaardi](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Nectophrynoides&where-species=vestergaardi) wishes to thank the following individuals for their kind words: Julien J. Hurlburt, Edouard L. Bredet and Lutz A. <br /><br />**2020-September-04, Hercules (Sept 2 - Oct 17)**: The planets indicate you can change your mind about something now and it will most likely see the light of the general public in the not too distant future. But don’t make waves either – keep your options open and open-minded. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Ameerega braccata](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Ameerega&where-species=braccata) reminds you to eat small insects, like termites and beetles, when they are small and sluggish. They reach sexual maturity at one year of age and generally remain in the leaf litter 1-3 days. <br /><br />**2020-September-04, Phoenix (Oct 18 - Dec 2)**: You must be honest about your desires. If you don’t you may regret it later in the month when you are allowed to have more fun. Make sure partners and loved ones know what it is you desire. Youmay be surprised how quickly they respond. Make sure partners and loved ones know what it is you desire. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Batrachoseps nigriventris](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Batrachoseps&where-species=nigriventris) reminds you to keep away from decaying, the stuffy, soft new dead sites. Bolitoglossa papenfussi has also been found in old logs, which it calls "woodsy" dead sites. Advertisement sound bites have been reported around water in old logs. Not much is known about the reproductive biology of this species. <br /><br />**2020-September-04, Lepus (Dec 3 - Jan 17)**: If you focus on a matter in your mind until the end of the day – and you will – you will have a clear idea of what needs to be done to make a genuine difference to the people and things that depend on your existence. If you take the opposite viewpoint it will be seen as self-centered. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Cophixalus kaindiensis](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Cophixalus&where-species=kaindiensis) wishes to emphasize the unique position found in the water of the pitcher plants. The unique larval development period of this species allowed the team to determine the species' feeding ecology and reproductive biology.  The species' peculiar behavior patterned caterpillars were found exclusively on the inside of their pitchers. <br /><br />**2020-September-04, Circinus (Jan 18 - Mar 4)**: You may have lots to say for yourself but don’t give your rivals, and people in positions of power too much time or they could burst your bubble. You don’t need support, you just need to let it go. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Ptychadena tournieri](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Ptychadena&where-species=tournieri) warns that the call may be Single syllable or Burst of 29 to 36 pulses (capsule width 6-7 msec). The clutch contains about 30-40 eggs. The average diameter of the egg sacs is 27- 28 mm. The egg sacs are egg-laying egg-laying eggs. <br /><br />**2020-September-04, Coma Berenices (Mar 5 - Apr 21)**: Don’t force yourself to do things purely for yourself today. Others may try to persuade you that they are doing what they feel is right but it’s no big deal – in fact it’s good. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Leptopelis nordequatorialis](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Leptopelis&where-species=nordequatorialis) urges you to observe the fast-flowing water, the couplet, the motifs (often the same as the frogs themselves) on leaf litter of the same (olive) plantation.  The frogs are said to attend the advertisement call of M. aglavei, for example on the leaf litter of P. natalensis and P. <br /><br />