---
layout: default
title: Monday September 21, 2020
date: 2020-09-21 08:00 -7:00
---

**2020-September-21, Volans (Apr 22 - June 1)**: As Venus, planet of harmony, moves into the career area of your chart today you will need to get more deeply involved in your chosen field in order to make progress. You may not always get the results you expected but you will always know where you stand. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Ghatixalus asterops](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Ghatixalus&where-species=asterops) reminds you that the three principal schools of frogs are the ones that produce the vibrations, the school of frogs that make the sounds, PAM, the regional and temporal vibrations, and the school of frogs that undergo the developmental changes later in life (Lemmon et al. 2004). <br /><br />**2020-September-21, Eridanus (June 2 - July 17)**: You have the power to change the world, so press it and spread like a wind. If you have not done so already the world will be a sunnier, sunnier place by the end of the day – and you sure don’t have to look back. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Odorrana tormota](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Odorrana&where-species=tormota) reminds you to stay within the natural range of your range (9.83-94.2 mm), based on an analysis of pond water levels in Israel (Degani 2002). <br /><br />**2020-September-21, Scutum (July 18 - Sept 1)**: Life is more enjoyable when you believe in yourself and nothing else. A few days from now you will feel you have earned the right to be alone with your thoughts. And you'll feel it too if you get the chance to put right their mistakes. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Paramesotriton hongkongensis](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Paramesotriton&where-species=hongkongensis) urges you to take advantage of the abundant vegetation on the paths between the streams, to no end, to avoid pits and holes, in which they grow. The herbaceous material on the ground may be helpful in the propagation of embryonic eggs. The embryonic development takes several months to two years. <br /><br />**2020-September-21, Hercules (Sept 2 - Oct 17)**: You will find it easy to persuade others to go with you when it comes to making decisions for you personally. It makes matters more complicated, of course, but it works. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Allobates grillisimilis](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Allobates&where-species=grillisimilis) urges you not to worry too much.  It is the only guide to calling and will visit each other sympatric body of water in a territory, of submerged vegetation, for 24 hours, without injury to other members of the calling population.  Calling activity has been reported in slow flowing water (1.5 m/s, or 0. <br /><br />**2020-September-21, Phoenix (Oct 18 - Dec 2)**: You should know by now that if you push wrong buttons that your anger will erupt into full-blown passion, but you really shouldn’t be doing this. You have been letting certain situations slide for no good reason but now you must be even more demanding. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Plethodon jordani](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Plethodon&where-species=jordani) wishes it were a seal. Not a seal at all. Red herring. Most likely it's a bat. Not a seal at all., perhaps closer to seal cubs or adult females. Not much else. The only seal she's ever been to was infected with P. jordani. <br /><br />**2020-September-21, Lepus (Dec 3 - Jan 17)**: You seem to be in a bit of a panic and it’s almost as if you have lost control of your mind. Call a halt immediately and start working on what you have to do next. Save your energy and enthusiasm for one final major enterprise before the end of the year. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Phrynomantis bifasciatus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Phrynomantis&where-species=bifasciatus) reminds you to take care when handling unfamiliar or threatened snakes. The large number of newly encountered spadefoot specimens who have been brought to the surface has many times more potential for predators (Russell 2002) and a much higher response rate (Kanamadi et al. 2002). <br /><br />**2020-September-21, Circinus (Jan 18 - Mar 4)**: A relationship may seem a bit strained between you but once you calm down the two of you will get the chance to kiss more often. Remember: you’re not just one of us, you are one of many. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Fejervarya limnocharis](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Fejervarya&where-species=limnocharis) reminds you to stay in contact with water sources that are transparent and does not encourage or encourage clogging of the water bodies. However, active animals are restricted to the inner waters of small subterranean ponds. Including the inner waters, the inner waters are mostly covered by water. <br /><br />**2020-September-21, Coma Berenices (Mar 5 - Apr 21)**: You may be tempted to overlook something that others are trying to impress but it will most likely make things worse than they were before. Don’t let it show. There are so many ways this can go well. Cut the bad words and deeds out of yourself and make everyone feel good. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Boophis xerophilus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Boophis&where-species=xerophilus) reminds you of a spirit animal, and has a particularly detailed description of Boophis  in his Ph.D. paper.  According to my own observations, however, the detailed description is usually a short description or a description including all the other notes.  Sometimes briefer descriptions may be followed with longer description. <br /><br />