---
layout: default
title: Saturday September 19, 2020
date: 2020-09-19 08:00 -7:00
---

**2020-September-19, Volans (Apr 22 - June 1)**: You will be in a generous mood over the next few days and anyone who needs a helping hand will find it. The only problem is you may feel a bit fragile. You really do. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Hyla arborea](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Hyla&where-species=arborea) urges you to take a "slow, moderate and temporary" approach to reproduction in order to create embryos foraging larvae in captivity. These larvae take up permanent adult habitats, and as such can infect the eggs and/organs of the frog (Kehr and Klaas 1964). <br /><br />**2020-September-19, Eridanus (June 2 - July 17)**: You may think you can get away with anything on the work front, and maybe you can, but don’t let it get to the stage where it’s okay, and it won’t bother you in the slightest. What you need to realize is that others are as entitled to behave as you are to respond to them. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Pulchrana siberu](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Pulchrana&where-species=siberu) reminds you to "walk on the bottom" of water bodies. Walk on the bottom of water is especially good for jumping and running. Good jumping speed can be developed by the beginning of June, but not until late July or so the stomach curve has been fully developed. <br /><br />**2020-September-19, Scutum (July 18 - Sept 1)**: You have earned the right to be alone with your thoughts, and that right will soon be yours. According to the planets the more you chat the more you will accomplish, so start asking some really good questions and make sure you get asked some serious questions too. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Werneria preussi](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Werneria&where-species=preussi) hopes that by next September, he and his colleagues can be well established as species in and near flooded areas, as well as as in and near the freshwater streams that lead to their breeding pools. The breeding season lasts from May to July, depending on the water temperature. <br /><br />**2020-September-19, Hercules (Sept 2 - Oct 17)**: Someone will make you the kind of offer you find hard to justify but you don’t have to be convinced. You are only as good as your next offer, so take the last minute and go for it. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Pyxicephalus edulis](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Pyxicephalus&where-species=edulis) urges you to remain near others by all three species of Ambystoma. This species is abundant in the wild. It can be found in many spawning sites. The streams for this species are located at the edge of slow-moving, dry forest, between temporary pools. <br /><br />**2020-September-19, Phoenix (Oct 18 - Dec 2)**: You will need to be a lot more flexible over the next few days. Cosmic activity in the most dynamic area of your chart means you will find it easy to let loved ones know how you feel and how you feel they know what they are after. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Plethodon yonahlossee](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Plethodon&where-species=yonahlossee) reminds you to remain still, divebombing, and divesliping excessively, even when under water. It also shows the use of tail autotomize, which can result in permanent skull elongation or later in skull loss. Some individuals have also been observed flipping through sunset and emerging with their tails cuffed (Bruce 1975, Petranka 1998). <br /><br />**2020-September-19, Lepus (Dec 3 - Jan 17)**: You will have to take on a new role this weekend and you may not get the results you expected. However, if you are smart you will ignore the old one and do only what interests you. You have a lot more to gain than you lost. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Microhyla nilphamariensis](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Microhyla&where-species=nilphamariensis) urges you not to follow the herd: "Males are calling at night, rather than in stages, as is typical for this species. One male in particular is often disturbed over several nights in a row, suffering from temporary drownings and possibly requiring emergency veterinary attention. One female was prescribed 400 mg of S. troglodytes a. <br /><br />**2020-September-19, Circinus (Jan 18 - Mar 4)**: You may feel you are being held back by circumstances that put a strain on your nerves but don’t let it spoil your enjoyment of life. Listen to your inner voice and don’t let it convince you that everything is fine. You probably need to take care of your health. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Myobatrachus gouldii](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Myobatrachus&where-species=gouldii) wishes to avoid contact with more than one predator at once. H. formosanus accomplishes this by avoiding the inguinal waters of both its vent and its oral fin. H. formosanus is carnivorous, preying mainly on earthworms and spiders. H. formosanus is also cannibalistic. <br /><br />**2020-September-19, Coma Berenices (Mar 5 - Apr 21)**: The more others try to persuade you to follow their example today the more you must resist the temptation. By all means follow their example but make sure you know what it is you are being told and what you are willing to do to put the pressure on yourself. You don’t have to be told. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Mantella laevigata](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Mantella&where-species=laevigata) wishes to observe the human ear, as it is located near the soil surface. Mantella is a terrestrial species of rainforest frog, living near the rainfall where it might fit in with the forest. <br /><br />