---
layout: default
title: Friday October 09, 2020
date: 2020-10-09 08:00 -7:00
---

**2020-October-09, Volans (Apr 22 - June 1)**: If you are the kind of Volans who values physical strength above all other forms of expression then today’s new moon will make it obvious what you are worth in other ways. Be of good cheer. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Cyclorana longipes](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Cyclorana&where-species=longipes) urges you to avoid stereotypical snakes. Although the species has been known to attack different types of sites within a pond, none so characterized are believed to be present in the forest. Sites within the Frog Pond are also believed to be included. <br /><br />**2020-October-09, Eridanus (June 2 - July 17)**: You no doubt believe that you are the Messiah and that you are destined to do great things over the coming years, but it’s not enough. You must also believe in yourself and the way you look at the world. It’s a cosmic job, of course, but I see myself as your own. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Odorrana chapaensis](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Odorrana&where-species=chapaensis) urges you to "end a silent conflict" with non-visual invaders (Palis, 1998). This call is an evocative and creative form of communication, facilitating communication across vast distances between individuals.  It's an ongoing conflict with non-visual invaders, such as R. dalmatina and R. eupatori. <br /><br />**2020-October-09, Scutum (July 18 - Sept 1)**: For many years now you have been allowed to be alone with your thoughts and take care of your money. But something has changed in your attitude and you must make it a priority to let people know what you are thinking. Maybe they can see things better than you can, maybe they are too sensitive to the effects of their own lack of thought. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Melanophryniscus sanmartini](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Melanophryniscus&where-species=sanmartini) urges you to stay close to water, even when the water is dark or cold. This applies especially to the groups of frogs known as the "deep belly" or the "deep belly row" (Lampo 1989). <br /><br />**2020-October-09, Hercules (Sept 2 - Oct 17)**: The more someone tells you that something cannot be done the more determined you will be to do it. That may be no bad thing though as it gives you an excuse to start something else. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Ambystoma talpoideum](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Ambystoma&where-species=talpoideum) warns against excessive handling. This species has terribilis clicks, aoteid toes, and aotoxins. Duellman et al. (1989) found that [Ambystoma talpoideum](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Ambystoma&where-species=talpoideum) killed both E. talpoideum and E. encephali in one study. <br /><br />**2020-October-09, Phoenix (Oct 18 - Dec 2)**: You need to get your act together and get something out of the deal that you’ve been so afraid to take out of the negotiation business. You will get the chance to put the world to rights over the next few days but you must not give up on it yet. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Eleutherodactylus beguei](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Eleutherodactylus&where-species=beguei) reminds you to breathe deeply and fast-forwards; the frog breathes out of a perch- lunged position, commonly found on the ground and is found on the ground emitting a shrill, fast-forwards sounding "chirp". Large, frog-like frogs are also heard calling from the leaf litter on the ground. <br /><br />**2020-October-09, Lepus (Dec 3 - Jan 17)**: This is a good time for you and if you expect great things of yourself you won’t disappoint yourself. Others will be happy that they are going to you, of course, but they won’t be happy if you make the effort to impress them. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Cophixalus infacetus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Cophixalus&where-species=infacetus) hopes you will come to the rescue of: frogs, snakes, and humans. <br /><br />**2020-October-09, Circinus (Jan 18 - Mar 4)**: Something you are working on may be immensely frustrating but you really should have a go at it now. You have pushed yourself hard in recent weeks and you will get the breakthrough you deserve. It’s just a question of when. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Mixophyes balbus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Mixophyes&where-species=balbus) urges you to avoid situations where you fight over individuals. They further warn that by competing with individuals you might become more feisty than was the case with L. vitellinus (1986). Both species offer excellent free-swimming opportunities for L. balbus. <br /><br />**2020-October-09, Coma Berenices (Mar 5 - Apr 21)**: You may be tempted to adopt a more unfiltered attitude to life now that you no longer have any duties and no responsibilities that would justify the expense. The fact is you no longer have any duties or responsibilities that justify your lifestyle. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Leptopelis yaldeni](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Leptopelis&where-species=yaldeni) reminds you of two related groupings, "syntopic with syntopic frogs". These frogs are said to be "males" who call during the day from perches 1-2 m above the ground. Females and males of one species were found calling during the day from low perches (Glaw and Vences 2007). <br /><br />