---
layout: default
title: Tuesday October 06, 2020
date: 2020-10-06 08:00 -7:00
---

**2020-October-06, Volans (Apr 22 - June 1)**: You are in an adventurous mood. You will do anything to influence the outcome – and no matter how far they back off you may fall you will still succeed. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Hyla eximia](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Hyla&where-species=eximia) reminds you to stay with the air and avoid all noise. It also says that the most important thing is that you stay vocal. <br /><br />**2020-October-06, Eridanus (June 2 - July 17)**: You are being far too dramatic for your own good and now you need to go a bit further and do something even better. Travel. Be creative. Be adventurous. You are going to need all your creative thinking power to start something big, something big and big – with a few bucks from employers and foundations. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Telmatobius culeus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Telmatobius&where-species=culeus) urges you to take a leaf out from the pond and "walk" it. <br /><br />**2020-October-06, Scutum (July 18 - Sept 1)**: You will have to make allowances for those who, for whatever reason, do not want to make the effort. Some people may be difficult to deal with at times but they can safely be let off the hook if they are responsible. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Alytes muletensis](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Alytes&where-species=muletensis) reminds you to take care when water is available. This frog can find water below the substrate without getting stuck to anything; it is readily available and very easily bored into anything, even vegetation. <br /><br />**2020-October-06, Hercules (Sept 2 - Oct 17)**: You will have to work hard to get what you want this weekend, but if you do you will get it. Mars in the work area of your chart means it is time to get things done, so don’t try to do them on the spur of the moment. Let others do their work for you. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Proceratophrys melanopogon](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Proceratophrys&where-species=melanopogon) warns that this species is territorial, and that it is apathetic to visits by other species of predators. It also warns that this species is apathetic to calls from individuals who are well-hidden, like salamanders hiding under rocks or piles of leaves (Shaffer and Lauder 1985). <br /><br />**2020-October-06, Phoenix (Oct 18 - Dec 2)**: You seem to be in two minds about which direction your life should be heading. On the one hand you have the practical edge and, on the other you have the mad scientist side. But the planets warn you could clash quite a bit in the early days of your career. Always be true to your principles. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Noblella myrmecoides](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Noblella&where-species=myrmecoides) hopes that by May this year they have caught a rare earth occurrence (a partial egg-laying stage) in a small patch of nature forest next to their home state. <br /><br />**2020-October-06, Lepus (Dec 3 - Jan 17)**: It may be hard for you to say what you really think of the world but, if anything, that seems to be the only language you will understand over the next few days. You could refuse to say anything at all. Why? Because it’s not an “us” problem. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Micryletta steinegeri](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Micryletta&where-species=steinegeri) warns that the tadpoles may exhibit extreme caution (Russell 2002). "Pelobates," "peeping cavities," acoustic trilliums," pulsed tomography (Resnick et al. 2005), and "pigmented lungs" might be accepted as well (Wager et al. 2006). <br /><br />**2020-October-06, Circinus (Jan 18 - Mar 4)**: You are in no mood for idle gossip and with Mercury’s new moon on your side over the next seven days you will go your own way and do your own thing. The best way to gain publicity for yourself is to say nice things about people who are in your social circle. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Leptodactylus latrans](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Leptodactylus&where-species=latrans) hopes that by following the toes along the body surface they will be able to achieve the following adaptations: 1) To avoid the pitfalls of snakes, 2) To avoid the threat of stones, they have succeeded in penetrating the ovoid margin of some ovoid nests 3) To withstand the repeated attacks of Ptychadena cadaver larvae. <br /><br />**2020-October-06, Coma Berenices (Mar 5 - Apr 21)**: There are so many things you want to be and so many things you must be aware of. For some strange reason you seem to find it hard to get a grip on reality. Where is your sense of balance? Where is your sense of purpose? Find answers to all those questions and more. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Gephyromantis tschenki](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Gephyromantis&where-species=tschenki) urges you to observe the hatching tadpoles. An average day's exposure to sunlit water in August was Watters 2005 and Hasps in January. Tadpoles are colourless greyish, covered with brown spots. There is a white spot on the tip of the snout and white lines run from the nostrils to the eyes. <br /><br />