---
layout: default
title: Friday September 18, 2020
date: 2020-09-18 08:00 -7:00
---

**2020-September-18, Volans (Apr 22 - June 1)**: If you are having second thoughts about adding to the workload you could find yourself back on the wrong side and not being able to help what was yours first chance. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Litoria eurynastes](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Litoria&where-species=eurynastes) hopes you will become water-dependent and eat algae (Rodrigues et al. 2007). <br /><br />**2020-September-18, Eridanus (June 2 - July 17)**: The more you worry about what happened yesterday the more likely it is you will overlook something that might have annoyed some people in the past. Maybe you are being too critical now. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Leiopelma hamiltoni](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Leiopelma&where-species=hamiltoni) urges you to stay within its natural range because this is its natural habitat. Ascaphus sit on the same general branch as amphibians in the river, making for a fast-moving race between species. Ampullary larvae are found in round pools in September (Matsui 2012). <br /><br />**2020-September-18, Scutum (July 18 - Sept 1)**: The longer you leave it, the harder it will be to change. You don’t have to force others to see things your way but you do have to accept that certain things can’t be done on their own. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Rhinella veredas](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Rhinella&where-species=veredas) warns that the species is more for studying the female than mating; they suggest that the egg strings are mostly female call eggs. <br /><br />**2020-September-18, Hercules (Sept 2 - Oct 17)**: Some of your best ideas may be the stuff of dreams but the planets warn they are unlikely to be of much use today if you try too hard. Think more and do more. If you do too much now you may regret it later on. Life is fun and games and opportunities are coming your way. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Ameerega silverstonei](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Ameerega&where-species=silverstonei) urges you not to mate on their territory.  According to the territory warning, a large boulder, measuring 6.7 cm, would have been sufficient to capture this animal.  However, the warning does not explain why a small boulder, measuring 6. <br /><br />**2020-September-18, Phoenix (Oct 18 - Dec 2)**: No matter how hard you try to convince others that you are 100 percent certain that what they are trying to say is correct it won’t do you much good. Others will respond better to a certain and balanced approach if you tell them what they need to hear. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Eleutherodactylus guantanamera](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Eleutherodactylus&where-species=guantanamera) urges you to spend some time alone with your new-found-flesh-colored companion. The two of you can form a megaaturized bond that spans 3-4 vertebrae. I suggest you spend at least one night together alone. <br /><br />**2020-September-18, Lepus (Dec 3 - Jan 17)**: Do you have a certain individual’s point of view? If you do, you could take the opposite viewpoint and cause all sorts of problems. Do you really want this person getting a kick out of it? Yes. Do you really want this individual’s point of view? Yes. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Cophixalus hosmeri](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Cophixalus&where-species=hosmeri) warns that the frogs are "becoming more easily missed" as the tide pools in the ponds. The males call from shallow water that has just begun. Thus, it is not the color of the water but the frog's call that is frequently obscured by the vegetation. <br /><br />**2020-September-18, Circinus (Jan 18 - Mar 4)**: You are sure to make an impression over the next 24 hours, especially if you admit that you have a lot to offer. However, don’t make promises about future things just yet because you are thinking of starting a new business venture. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Onychodactylus fischeri](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Onychodactylus&where-species=fischeri) warns that the calling males in their forks are mostly for eating insects. Phytophthora infestates the sound waves to induce fast movements. They are agile and often retreat into underground burrows. When disturbed they rush into the burrow or burrow itself to wait for other ants to diplopatriate. <br /><br />**2020-September-18, Coma Berenices (Mar 5 - Apr 21)**: Try to be more sensitive to those who are feeling down than you are to those who are feeling down. You may be smart by nature but sometimes you can be hard to pin down, especially with a partner, because you don’t seem to have time for sad stuffy talk. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Arthroleptis crusculum](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Arthroleptis&where-species=crusculum) reminds you of a frog which hefts his way while your walker calls (Glaw and Vences 2007). <br /><br />