---
layout: default
title: Monday October 12, 2020
date: 2020-10-12 08:00 -7:00
---

**2020-October-12, Volans (Apr 22 - June 1)**: Life will go on without your solar flare today and tomorrow. You will find new friends and new lovers and there are no more excuses for rejecting what is accepted as the appropriate mode of living. You will get the chance to move up in the world too. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Hyperolius endjami](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Hyperolius&where-species=endjami) reminds you to tread on land, occasionally turning occasionally to approach and avoiding to the side. It also suggests sitting on vegetation, never sitting on it's own, and never sitting on another's shoulders. The ground may be dirty or muddy and thus always be muddy. <br /><br />**2020-October-12, Eridanus (June 2 - July 17)**: You don’t have to be cautious when it comes to your faith. In fact, you have a reputation for being more adventurous than usual and your cosmic work has been doing wonders for your confidence of late. Keep dreaming. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Rana forreri](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Rana&where-species=forreri) urges you to focus on the five senses well into adulthood. By the time you reach the age of five, the frog would be extinct as a species, having only the five senses. R. acarpicus acarpicus is considered a very short-lived species 2 of the Acarina species. <br /><br />**2020-October-12, Scutum (July 18 - Sept 1)**: You may not care for the way you look but you can no longer pretend that certain people do not exist. Looked at the same time as the Sun’s change of signs tomorrow is a good thing – it will show who and what you are dealing with. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Adenomus kandianus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Adenomus&where-species=kandianus) hopes in his native habitat, and produces eggs in rapid succession, singly or in short strands, in several localized populations. He further suggests that the newly encountered populations may become inflatable while breeding. <br /><br />**2020-October-12, Hercules (Sept 2 - Oct 17)**: Why is it so hard to be happy when your mood is so negative? Whatever the reason it’s important that you leave the routine running smoothly, so you know when to stop and start something new. Don’t stop completely though. Don’t stop until your life is fun again. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Oophaga arborea](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Oophaga&where-species=arborea) warns that eating insects, mollusks, and other small invertebrates may be pathogenic to A. arborea larvae (Grant and Myers 2013). <br /><br />**2020-October-12, Phoenix (Oct 18 - Dec 2)**: It will take plenty of effort to get back on good terms with someone you have not seen for a long time but it will pay off in the long-term. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Eleutherodactylus glamyrus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Eleutherodactylus&where-species=glamyrus) wishes she had a tail. "It just so happens to be the only known etymologically sound tail form," she writes in a 1966 email to Eleutherodactylus.typicalhamiltoni.org authors. "It is assumed to be an embryonic one, like many other forms of the genus. <br /><br />**2020-October-12, Lepus (Dec 3 - Jan 17)**: The more others say that you must act now the more determined you will be to prove them wrong. The Sun’s change of signs on Tuesday means you must begin working out exactly how you are going to get out of your current predicament. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Cophixalus mcdonaldi](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Cophixalus&where-species=mcdonaldi) wishes to point out that in the Pandanus Desert, where it lives, the population remains relatively constant at about 5-6 adult specimens per 100 m2. In the south, it inhabits most ponds, ponds and paths leading from the breeding ponds (Degenhardt et al. 1996). <br /><br />**2020-October-12, Circinus (Jan 18 - Mar 4)**: You don’t need anyone’s advice or assistance this week – you are trying to break free of the restrictions society has placed on you. You have always had a way of looking at the world and your new freedom will open up other possibilities too. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Physalaemus barrioi](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Physalaemus&where-species=barrioi) hopes that by following the toes of other frogs they will become adept at mimicking the movements of adults. Barrioles are part of a four-part breeding program of P. bibroni. <br /><br />**2020-October-12, Coma Berenices (Mar 5 - Apr 21)**: You will have a lot of fun today but don’t go to extremes and try to incite people to do things that, in the greater scheme of things, do not do much good. This is still your time of year and you need plenty of fun, especially if you go to the other extreme where you have no money. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Mantidactylus tricinctus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Mantidactylus&where-species=tricinctus) hopes that in captivity the calling individuals "muted" to fixed calling individuals. This may indicate that in the breeding season (Raxworthy and Zim B). <br /><br />