---
layout: default
title: Sunday October 18, 2020
date: 2020-10-18 08:00 -7:00
---

**2020-October-18, Volans (Apr 22 - June 1)**: Someone is clearly trying to take advantage of you and you will do whatever it takes to make sure they don’t get another chance. The best way to deal with someone like that is to pretend they don’t exist. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Hyperolius discodactylus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Hyperolius&where-species=discodactylus) urges you to avoid direct association with ponds or lakes. The ponds are small (less than 8 cm in diameter) and located directly or indirectly above the water surface. The concentrated call is made in forests, while the stationary calls are made from exposed ground near lakes. <br /><br />**2020-October-18, Eridanus (June 2 - July 17)**: You may not understand why certain things are going wrong but you will find it easier to accept them if you do it for other people and do it in their good time. By this time tomorrow, a friend or family member will have changed your mind and you will have to let them know too. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Rana chensinensis](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Rana&where-species=chensinensis) warns against swimming pools of higher plants and animals. See Petranka (1998) and references therein. <br /><br />**2020-October-18, Scutum (July 18 - Sept 1)**: If you expect the best it usually gets better and better and you are more likely to get it if you expect the most. The Sun in Scutum boosts your confidence and your self-belief, so get out there into the world and show everyone you are a force to be reckoned with. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Oreolalax xiangchengensis](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Oreolalax&where-species=xiangchengensis) urges you to take no water activity at night, calling does not occur to most frogs and frogs alike. The adults do not display the "deep, roar" call they do to the west or the "flashing yellow" call they do to the east. <br /><br />**2020-October-18, Hercules (Sept 2 - Oct 17)**: If you want to make a good impression on people in positions of authority, you must make sure they see the bigger picture. If you know what is really going on you can make it look bigger. But you don’t have to go there alone. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Arthroleptella draconella](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Arthroleptella&where-species=draconella) reminds you to situate their ritualistic behaviors (usually 30-60 feet from the ground, between the sitting and crouching legs, and above all the bending of the head) above all other relatives of Dendrobatidae (Kawamichi and Ueda 1998). <br /><br />**2020-October-18, Phoenix (Oct 18 - Dec 2)**: This will be a learning experience with lots of material to teach, but there will be some pretty big lessons to come. Most of them will be self-evident, of course, but you can still tune them in to your own needs if you desire. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Plethodon stormi](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Plethodon&where-species=stormi) reminds you to stay under water objects, especially rocks and logs. Also, if a P. stormi is observed near a road or stream, its talus fertilizer should be used to attract it to the area. P. stormi is usually found on the ground as well as on rocks. <br /><br />**2020-October-18, Lepus (Dec 3 - Jan 17)**: You may have to change your plans at the last moment and you may have to live with your choice, but you must not let minor disputes get to you. You have a right to be on your best behaviour, so don’t let them get to you. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Cophixalus crepitans](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Cophixalus&where-species=crepitans) wishes they were a goat. They wish they were a pelican. The few specimens which they encounter they transported between 1995 and 1999 contained P. olivaceus with P. mjobergi, P. saueri, and P. berstoni lenticens. <br /><br />**2020-October-18, Circinus (Jan 18 - Mar 4)**: According to the planets you are searching too far into too deep a personal space. What you need to know now is that you ARE a good person, and a nice person too. Your attitude will turn people against you in strange ways, and it will work in your favor in the long-term. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Pseudophryne australis](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Pseudophryne&where-species=australis) reminds you to eat, but does not suggest brooding in pools. The only time you should be eating ova are in the shallow recesses of flooded burrows. Metamorphosis of these burrows is thought to be necessary to escape the cold months of the year when temperatures are highest. In Paraguay this rule was followed every year since then. <br /><br />**2020-October-18, Coma Berenices (Mar 5 - Apr 21)**: Any doubts you had about what you should be doing with your life will be swept away this weekend. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Gephyromantis redimitus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Gephyromantis&where-species=redimitus) hopes you will help guide and protect themselves during the day: "It is the duty of a cardinal species to consume large arthropods (Glaw and Vences 2007). However, in captivity this species is preyed upon when it is not in its immediate range (Glaw and Vences 2008). <br /><br />