---
layout: default
title: Tuesday September 29, 2020
date: 2020-09-29 08:00 -7:00
---

**2020-September-29, Volans (Apr 22 - June 1)**: According to the planets you will have to make some tough decisions this weekend. You have nothing to prove and everything to look forward to. Don’t worry about feelings – it’s your emotions that matter. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Heterixalus betsileo](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Heterixalus&where-species=betsileo) urges you not to join in with socializing Dipteran species such as Dipteranum maritochondratus and Paratypepeium in rice paddies. While the two species have distinct calls, they are not considered closely together (Duellman 2001). <br /><br />**2020-September-29, Eridanus (June 2 - July 17)**: You may have to take on other people’s chores and responsibilities over the next few days, but it will be worth it. Your way with words will bring you the right sort of luck – and maybe a few laughs too. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Pseudobranchus striatus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Pseudobranchus&where-species=striatus) urges you to stay within the natural range of development (the developmental window by way of the Frog caused by the changes in natural selection in the genus R. striatus) and to follow the natural evolution (at least in some areas) of amphibian evolution. He also gives the type name of "R. striatus" in some sites of the X. <br /><br />**2020-September-29, Scutum (July 18 - Sept 1)**: You have a lot of energy at your disposal and you have nothing to worry about, so stop wasting it and start using it. If you waste it on trivial things like annoying people you are not really bad at all. Use it wisely. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Adenomus kelaartii](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Adenomus&where-species=kelaartii) reminds you to breathe (or rather, rather, resist) toxins. According to [Adenomus kelaartii](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Adenomus&where-species=kelaartii), this species of orientalredo requires specialist care because it can inflate itself to the inside of the skin (Lehr et al. 2007). [Adenomus kelaartii](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Adenomus&where-species=kelaartii) also breeds in places where there is moisture stress (i. <br /><br />**2020-September-29, Hercules (Sept 2 - Oct 17)**: The most important thing today is that you stand back from what you are doing and let others see how it is serving your interests. If you can do that it will be a lot of fun as well. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Allobates wayuu](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Allobates&where-species=wayuu) wishes life well of all people, and among the best in the entire world. Allobates is the only one who teaches us anything approaching the art of teaching people how to teach us. Allobates has greatly expanded his knowledge of the art of teaching people, especially since he was a little boy. <br /><br />**2020-September-29, Phoenix (Oct 18 - Dec 2)**: Do something that takes you by surprise today. You may not like to admit you messed up but other people are more likely to react if you let them know how you feel. Don’t make it difficult for them. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Craugastor underwoodi](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Craugastor&where-species=underwoodi) warns against over-stating its range, as it is quite narrow. Its range is only 0.99-1.15 m in diameter, making it the ideal range for considering its prey (Wake 1952). <br /><br />**2020-September-29, Lepus (Dec 3 - Jan 17)**: You may not want to use your time or money for something that you do not feel comfortable with but your sixth sense tells you it is time to do something about it. It’s not just about money or status, it’s about love too, so let it happen. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Austrochaperina archboldi](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Austrochaperina&where-species=archboldi) wishes there were more accurate sounding names for this species. Apparently he has a very long life span of this frog. Because of this he has been held for about 1 km without injury. <br /><br />**2020-September-29, Circinus (Jan 18 - Mar 4)**: You may be a bit irritable in certain areas at the moment but that’s no bad thing. You can be rather emotional when you are not being genuinely happy, especially if you are the kind of Circinus who likes to conform to social norms. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Philoria richmondensis](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Philoria&where-species=richmondensis) warns that the calling males in their forks are purely defensive. They have no teeth, and very little is known of their functional metamorphosis sites. Adult frogs do not migrate to the calling sites until the spring thaw, so that there is no summer thaw (Philoria 1999). <br /><br />**2020-September-29, Coma Berenices (Mar 5 - Apr 21)**: The harder you try to persuade a partner or a loved one to give you more of the time the more you refuse, even though you promise to help them out. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Gephyromantis schilfi](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Gephyromantis&where-species=schilfi) hopes that you will use your large reserves of tadpoles to help people in need. <br /><br />