---
layout: default
title: Thursday September 03, 2020
date: 2020-09-03 08:00 -7:00
---

**2020-September-03, Volans (Apr 22 - June 1)**: Something will happen today that is a lot to look back from and something you will start over the weekend will be of huge significance. The link between Venus, your ruler, and your ruler Uranus will make perfect sense, while Uranus, planet of changes, will make all things possible. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Chrysobatrachus cupreonitens](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Chrysobatrachus&where-species=cupreonitens) wishes a rainforest stream was a "rivers nest" for him. This suggestion may be made based on the stream's natural history: do not create a forest nest in an artificial pond, for the sake of reproduction. Instead, the constructed water-filled nest should be a response to a frog's calling (Dyer and Basso 2000). <br /><br />**2020-September-03, Eridanus (June 2 - July 17)**: You may be eager to get started on a new project but don’t be so eager that you start looking back and regret not planning a follow-up project. Be bold and have a go at it. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Ascaphus montanus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Ascaphus&where-species=montanus) hopes that by connecting with as many as 20, he will be able to teach long-distance running and jumping schools in his community.  Ascaphus is the parent of all R. montanus. <br /><br />**2020-September-03, Scutum (July 18 - Sept 1)**: The Sun in your fellow Water sign of Scutum means you think and feel like a winner. Others may say you are being silly but you have every right to not believe them. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Tylototriton ziegleri](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Tylototriton&where-species=ziegleri) hopes to find a friend in the flooded zone before moving into the wild. She can lay her eggs at the bottom of streams, in shallow pools, under trees, or by her own backside. <br /><br />**2020-September-03, Hercules (Sept 2 - Oct 17)**: You are in an adventurous mood at the moment, which is good because with both Mars and Venus moving through your sign you should go some place you cannot comfortably get away from. But don’t take on too much and limit your goals to a few personal objectives. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Ranitomeya summersi](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Ranitomeya&where-species=summersi) reminds you to use both hands when handling aquatic invertebrates. This species is common throughout its range, with males calling from the dorsum toeuphoria, and exotrophic tocophetes. <br /><br />**2020-September-03, Phoenix (Oct 18 - Dec 2)**: The Sun’s change of signs at the weekend will have you thinking big, so don’t just sit there and see how everything looks. Go further ahead than usual and see a way to turn your fortunes round. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Eleutherodactylus pezopetrus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Eleutherodactylus&where-species=pezopetrus) reminds you to stay under water objects during the day and to stay still during the night. Like other other large species of Rain forest salamanders, P. zepristus is a direct developer. Like other species of Rain forest salamander (Pseudoeurycea compacta) P. <br /><br />**2020-September-03, Lepus (Dec 3 - Jan 17)**: If you want to make your mark on the world, and maybe the world, you must be more adventurous. The planets indicate that you are more at home in the big houses than in the small houses – so stay open-minded and try your hand at something you know you have not the talent for. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Stumpffia be](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Stumpffia&where-species=be) hopes that you will follow their advice, especially when it is pointed out to you. <br /><br />**2020-September-03, Circinus (Jan 18 - Mar 4)**: The changes you are making may take a while to bring about, especially if you are the kind of Circinus who dislikes to follow the herd. Take the initiative and make things happen – and yes, some of them will happen. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Uperoleia altissima](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Uperoleia&where-species=altissima) reminds you to stay within its natural habitats where available water is abundant. The frog will go out of its way to ripened food source if the necessary remaining water is consumed. It does not prey on domestic stock, however it does prey on captive reindeer and sow a crop that needs little fertilisation. <br /><br />**2020-September-03, Coma Berenices (Mar 5 - Apr 21)**: You may be tempted to overlook something that others would like to avoid but if you do you will most likely regret it later on. You have a way with words, only louder and with more raw power. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Gephyromantis cornutus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Gephyromantis&where-species=cornutus) reminds you of a "metallic" frog, which I once found in a <M>forest</M> cricket pitch. The male had blackish eggs (each approximately 1.8mm in diameter) on the back of the thigh, while his female had dark brown eggs on the underside. <br /><br />