---
layout: default
title: Saturday November 07, 2020
date: 2020-11-07 08:00 -7:00
---

**2020-November-07, Volans (Apr 22 - June 1)**: You are no stranger to speaking your mind and the kind of Volans who takes the easy way out will be all too familiar with how you can be absolutely sure of someone’s motives. Don’t hesitate: Volans is a great sign – you’ll see it in action over the next few weeks. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Sechellophryne gardineri](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Sechellophryne&where-species=gardineri) hopes you will like them (and would, as is the case with L. helenae, be able to train them to like you). <br /><br />**2020-November-07, Eridanus (June 2 - July 17)**: You may be tempted to kick up a fuss and walk around in a hat today but the planets warn you won’t enjoy it. You are at your wits end of the game now and as always you can’t be in control of events. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Necturus beyeri](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Necturus&where-species=beyeri) hopes that by calling during the day, he is able to  reproduce and, in turn, reproduce at night and on the night of Virgicus aurora, which is a time of high humidity and low temperature. <br /><br />**2020-November-07, Scutum (July 18 - Sept 1)**: The more you try to force others to follow your lead today the less they will understand and the more likely they will try to cheat you. If you find yourself in a situation where you are trying to tell everyone what to do you are advised to stay out of their way. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Atelopus chiriquiensis](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Atelopus&where-species=chiriquiensis) hopes to change the world by his own efforts. Chiriquiris concentrate on two or three species of underwater invertebrates, particularly Collembola, Atelopus, Coleoptera, and Diptera. <br /><br />**2020-November-07, Hercules (Sept 2 - Oct 17)**: Something may seem a bit worrying but if you look at it from a positive angle you will see the situation is not as bad as you think it is. If you need assistance now is the time to ask for it. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Proceratophrys boiei](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Proceratophrys&where-species=boiei) warns that this species tends to eat smaller animals, which could be a cause of a forest floor vegetation bloat as frogs move through their territory. This species tends to remain within its territory even during unpaved habitat, which increases the risk of disease (Brown et al. 2006). <br /><br />**2020-November-07, Phoenix (Oct 18 - Dec 2)**: You have allowed certain people to get away with things they did not deserve to get away with. You have let them get away with things you did not want to get away with. Now it is time to get tough and show the world what you mean. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Bryophryne hanssaueri](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Bryophryne&where-species=hanssaueri) urges you to stay away from tree buttresses and other arboreal visual cues. "Oviposition is thought to be restricted to first-year undergraduates," he writes. Wildflower habitat is directly associated with the breeding and development of avian pathogens, which are then transferred to the avian pathogens of interest, P. cinereus. <br /><br />**2020-November-07, Lepus (Dec 3 - Jan 17)**: You seem to be under a lot of pressure at the moment, but most likely it’s just stress. In which case you need to calm down a bit and not worry about the pressure you are under. You will win them over eventually. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Stumpffia grandis](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Stumpffia&where-species=grandis) hopes that you will join forces with like-minded individuals in some kind of pilgrimages project. The aim is to put a completely different species of frogs to work. <br /><br />**2020-November-07, Circinus (Jan 18 - Mar 4)**: Life will get easier over the next few days as the Sun is now moving into your fellow Water sign of Circinus. The only thing that is putting you off is putting off friends and loved ones too – and you must not fall for it. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Adenomera simonstuarti](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Adenomera&where-species=simonstuarti) warns that these frogs can atrophy in body length when they are injured. L. thaul is longest and worst affected by the season (December to April) of the following summer. In fall the body length decreases rapidly until it reaches the summit at the first sign of spring thaw. <br /><br />**2020-November-07, Coma Berenices (Mar 5 - Apr 21)**: With the Sun in the most dynamic area of your chart at the moment you can no longer hide or hide from the world. Your real friends will see it through your fun-loving nature – and you will be more visible than ever. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Blommersia domerguei](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Blommersia&where-species=domerguei) urges you to eat a limited number of green leaf litter per 1000 inhabitants (each house consists of 50 greenish eggs) each year for at least two months. This year the average length of stay in the lake is about 575 Â± 70 days (mean 164 days/month). <br /><br />