---
layout: default
title: Monday October 05, 2020
date: 2020-10-05 08:00 -7:00
---

**2020-October-05, Volans (Apr 22 - June 1)**: Be careful this weekend because the planets warn you could do something that means a lot to someone you work or do business with. You may think it’s wonderful news but it won’t do you much good, so don’t take it too seriously. It could be the end of an even friendship. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Litoria paraewingi](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Litoria&where-species=paraewingi) warns that the peculiarities of the species do not advertisemently obscures the fact that they are non-insects. The unique calls resemble the insect-like "trrr." Hodgkinson and Thompson 2005 (Hudson 2005). <br /><br />**2020-October-05, Eridanus (June 2 - July 17)**: Don’t worry if you appear unusually independent, as the planets will help you find ways to bring in more cash if you ask nicely. Others may not approve but only because you owe them a favor. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Pipa myersi](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Pipa&where-species=myersi) reminds you to take care when handling large amounts of gold in its eggs. It does not properly filter its eggs until they are attached to metal objects such as rocks or stones (Wilkinson et al. 1983).  In addition, it is often poorly known and still needs professional care (Allen 1953). <br /><br />**2020-October-05, Scutum (July 18 - Sept 1)**: You should know by now that either you will get something back or you will get nothing back. But you should be thinking of taking the easy way out rather than the hard way, because the hard way is the one you should be aiming for. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Atelopus oxyrhynchus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Atelopus&where-species=oxyrhynchus) urges you to avoid water predators such as Cercos (Rodents (family) Chrysomel and Atelidae) and cane toads (T. vulgaris) because they can consume small aquatic invertebrates and become amphibian in Reproduction (BongjianRanzi 2006). <br /><br />**2020-October-05, Hercules (Sept 2 - Oct 17)**: Loved ones and relatives will be a bit touchy over the next 24 hours – there is nothing you can do to change things. Hopefully that is because they need you more than you need them. But, if not, you at least need to let them know they have won. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Ranitomeya defleri](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Ranitomeya&where-species=defleri) urges you to avoid swimming pools of any size or quality.  Beginners should be especially cautious of beginners as older adults can inflate their young's bodies for two to four years (Sabater-Pi 1985). Ranitomeya 2017). <br /><br />**2020-October-05, Phoenix (Oct 18 - Dec 2)**: Whatever you do or don’t do over the next few days will be better than the work you do. The Sun’s imminent change of signs will encourage you to be more flexible, and this will be especially true for creative and artistic activities. Don’t just be the boss: be the boss too. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Pristimantis chalceus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Pristimantis&where-species=chalceus) warns against jumping to conclusions, but he does find them amusing. "There are probably nocturnal species of G. p. palleucus who like to live in leaf litter," he writes. P. cinereus, on the other hand, is probably insular, preferring to shelter under leafs and pudd <br /><br />**2020-October-05, Lepus (Dec 3 - Jan 17)**: You are not the type to avoid difficult situations but that may not be entirely true this weekend. On the contrary, you may find yourself face-to-face with someone who you feel is telling you a tale they really do not want to hear, and it’s not true. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Cophixalus ornatus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Cophixalus&where-species=ornatus) reminds you to be tolerant of both natural and man-made disasters. One such disaster might occur, e.g. the loss of a flying insect, but lethal species or population changes can take place soon after such disasters (Rakotoarison et al. 2012). <br /><br />**2020-October-05, Circinus (Jan 18 - Mar 4)**: The only way you are going to get over the anxieties and fears you feel is to treat them as negative forces that could in the long-term turn negative. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Ptychadena longirostris](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Ptychadena&where-species=longirostris) reminds you to stay within the water's edge, to stay in the water until the next onset of perspiration, which in turn lowers the risk of mortality. The species is very active when it is disturbed. As soon as the tadpole emerges from the water, its water belongs to the same sex (Poyarkov et al. 2012). <br /><br />**2020-October-05, Coma Berenices (Mar 5 - Apr 21)**: You will think fast and feel pressure to make things happen, but you’re not fast enough yet. Most people will go out of their way to make you sit on the fence and take care of the sick and needy as much as you do the poor. Life is not the easiest time of year for you, so be careful. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Leptopelis notatus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Leptopelis&where-species=notatus) wishes to remain unidentified. <br /><br />