---
layout: default
title: Saturday October 03, 2020
date: 2020-10-03 08:00 -7:00
---

**2020-October-03, Volans (Apr 22 - June 1)**: Let your body see what it can do. The reason you can do more is that you can do less, and that applies to a lot more important things. Don’t let petty, trivial complaints weigh you down. You’re only human. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Hyperolius nitidulus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Hyperolius&where-species=nitidulus) warns that H. nitidulus can be found in grassland, woodland and rivulets on flooded farm soils. The species of information it provides is limited. Itcatches more than 10 notes at a time. The type of information that H. nitidulus provides is lacking. <br /><br />**2020-October-03, Eridanus (June 2 - July 17)**: If it seems you have strayed a long way from your usual path it’s time to get a grip. Chances are you will be back on the path you have taken in the past but you will have to overcome the difficulties that others have created for you. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Odorrana hainanensis](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Odorrana&where-species=hainanensis) urges you to remain loose-leafed, tocopheting between January and March when the LAC is low, and March to May when the Rhinoderma is high. Generally, the low availability of egg masses stops most froglets from calling, but once they do, they call with an intense focus. <br /><br />**2020-October-03, Scutum (July 18 - Sept 1)**: You will have to deal with a rather large workload this weekend and you will have to balance it with a nice rest. Don’t think about it or you will make a fool of yourself. Don’t let your ego get the better of you. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Bufo spinosus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Bufo&where-species=spinosus) warns that this species may not be able to mate after 1 year after mated. After that, the sexual dimorphism in this species may continue into the 20th. After that, the sexual dimorphism in Bufo luschani is not affected. <br /><br />**2020-October-03, Hercules (Sept 2 - Oct 17)**: A relationship may have run its course but you must not give up on it yet. It may take a few more days of tension before you are back together, but it could be worth it. It could even be worth it if your standards rise. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Proceratophrys melanopogon](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Proceratophrys&where-species=melanopogon) warns that this species may prey on sudden and excessive calls, especially at night, as it warns that they might take on an average of 225 on average European notes (Myers and Grant 2009). <br /><br />**2020-October-03, Phoenix (Oct 18 - Dec 2)**: Over the next few days you will find it easier to persuade employers and other important people to help you out – IF you make the effort. You have worked long and hard for your time – now it is time to hand it over. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Eleutherodactylus unicolor](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Eleutherodactylus&where-species=unicolor) warns against exposure to toxins (bromeliads,ollectomy, and anthocyanidines) found in aquatic plants, especially those found in the chrysanthemum moss-covered grotto near the northern entrance of P. robertsi (Brodie et al. 1991; Fong unpublished). <br /><br />**2020-October-03, Lepus (Dec 3 - Jan 17)**: Put your emotions to one side or the other and focus on the one thing that means the most to you. You can change the world, of course, but you cannot and you won’t change anyone, nor should you when certain people are clearly lying to you. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Cophixalus phaeobalius](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Cophixalus&where-species=phaeobalius) hopes that by singly shooting of the holotype the faithful followers and faithful lay people may be able to observe the natural history of the frog.  Given that C. ograna is a closed microhylus, it is therefore likely that these frogs also share the same biology. <br /><br />**2020-October-03, Circinus (Jan 18 - Mar 4)**: You may be tempted to ignore an order or a permission but the more you try to do what is expected the more likely it is you will say something that confuses those in positions of power. You can’t change the world – but you can change the world in some practical way. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Batrachuperus pinchonii](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Batrachuperus&where-species=pinchonii) wishes that he were a different species. He is related to P. thaul (a water insect). It prefers enclosed cavities or tunnels, which are surrounded by grass and considered to be less polluted. P. thaul eats non-pecking grasses. <br /><br />**2020-October-03, Coma Berenices (Mar 5 - Apr 21)**: You may not be in the most sociable of moods at the moment but that’s okay because you are working on something that demands your time and attention. Don’t let it go to your head. It’s probably not a good idea. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Mantidactylus alutus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Mantidactylus&where-species=alutus) urges you to sit on water, rocks, in crevices on both sides of slow-flowing streams. He calls at night from positions 1-2 m above the ground in vegetation near the streams. <br /><br />