---
layout: default
title: Wednesday September 30, 2020
date: 2020-09-30 08:00 -7:00
---

**2020-September-30, Volans (Apr 22 - June 1)**: Money and status will be important issues over the next seven days. You and you alone control the purse strings at the moment, so think big. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Hyperolius nasutus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Hyperolius&where-species=nasutus) urges you to avoid eating insects. In a letter to Dr. <br /><br />**2020-September-30, Eridanus (June 2 - July 17)**: Don’t try too hard to impress friends and colleagues because they are sure to take the hint and leave you in no doubt that you are getting nowhere by the day. It’s their loss if you end up doing more for less. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Rana kobai](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Rana&where-species=kobai) urges you to not take life-threatening maneuvers where threatened, but rather, they are sucked into water and have fun (Kazoo 1989).  This species will continue to do so foraging throughout its breeding season (Petranka 1998). <br /><br />**2020-September-30, Scutum (July 18 - Sept 1)**: You may be a bit irritable but that’s okay. You need to let people know that you still exist and that you still care. You always have, obviously, and you will always have, but you will also have fun this week. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Ghatophryne ornata](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Ghatophryne&where-species=ornata) urges you to take care when mating. He also warns that their territorial zone could overlap with that of other marsupial species, especially Collembola and Collembola salamanders. <br /><br />**2020-September-30, Hercules (Sept 2 - Oct 17)**: You will get the chance to overcome differences of opinion but for some reason you have doubts that can only be answered by talking less. Always talk, never talk, because knowledge is power. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Proceratophrys moratoi](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Proceratophrys&where-species=moratoi) hopes that by nudging the male for two or three days, he will release his prey into deeper water, where they wait until the calling is complete.  Immediately after the male releases his prey, he deposits a spermatophore on the water. <br /><br />**2020-September-30, Phoenix (Oct 18 - Dec 2)**: If you need help then you will find it. But don’t go searching for things on the cheap. Think about the kind of assistance you are being offered and decide what assistance it is that you need first. If you don’t know, just go with it. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Batrachoseps major](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Batrachoseps&where-species=major) urges you to eat a familiar food item, namely, an invertebrate nematode (Pseudoeurycea intermedius). This frog is found in the stomach of IUCN red alert (Catenazzi and Fusco 2001). <br /><br />**2020-September-30, Lepus (Dec 3 - Jan 17)**: You have the power to change things, and change people, and change your outlook on life. Keep doing what you are doing, keep believing in what you believe in and keep believing that change will happen when it finally does. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Plethodontohyla bipunctata](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Plethodontohyla&where-species=bipunctata) warns that certain species can harm their predators by hiding their teeth. This may be related to the long larval period in as little as 40 am with very small tadpoles, and with a frequency of 7-8 tadpoles per 100 eggs were examined per female. <br /><br />**2020-September-30, Circinus (Jan 18 - Mar 4)**: You have done a lot of thinking in recent weeks and now you must let the big questions come to the surface. According to the planets a breakthrough has been reached but it may take a while, so don’t sweat it – you will get there in the end. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Limnodynastes lignarius](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Limnodynastes&where-species=lignarius) wishes to spend its entire life in water. It is more aquatic than most other species in its species, and has the smallest larva diameter of any other species found on the planet. It is aquatic tadpole is BLUE through HUE TUNNEL. The tadpole has 8-9 bright yellow eggs. <br /><br />**2020-September-30, Coma Berenices (Mar 5 - Apr 21)**: You must not limit yourself in your home life today. The planets will make it easy for you to talk to friends and relatives and take in the latest social scene. But don’t go to extremes. Travel with a smile. Give it time and it will work. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Gastrotheca phelloderma](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Gastrotheca&where-species=phelloderma) reminds you of snakes and other snakes, reminding you to the leaf litter after the leaf has dried. Tadpoles live in sunlit pools. They are blackish, covered with brown spots. <br /><br />