---
layout: default
title: Monday October 19, 2020
date: 2020-10-19 08:00 -7:00
---

**2020-October-19, Volans (Apr 22 - June 1)**: You may think you know what is going on, but deep down you don’t know what you are doing. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Litoria gasconi](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Litoria&where-species=gasconi) reminds you to use your feet to guide a sitting frog (which they do in their sitting position by sitting on a bush next to a lime green tree) one at a time in order to prevent desquamation (Caramaschi et al. 2009; Costa et al. 2012). <br /><br />**2020-October-19, Eridanus (June 2 - July 17)**: You will have to make allowances for those who are thought of as opposing you on the one hand and opposing yourself on the other. If they are going to be your friends they must be your equals. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Rana palustris](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Rana&where-species=palustris) wishes to thank their funders for having approached their conservation ambitions.  They have been very kind to them.  They are extending consoling offers for those individuals who require amphibian gifts.  They are increasing the availability of nutritious plant-based nutrition in their diet. <br /><br />**2020-October-19, Scutum (July 18 - Sept 1)**: You don’t lack for confidence at the moment and a positive attitude is sure to come into play over the next few days. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Rhinella martyi](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Rhinella&where-species=martyi) hopes that by November, their colleagues will have completed their training and are ready to take refuge within the forest. "There is a population of frogs," they said, "that has been living there forks for 400 years. <br /><br />**2020-October-19, Hercules (Sept 2 - Oct 17)**: Make things easier for yourself today and over the weekend by taking the kind of risks that friends and work colleagues would usually avoid. You won’t lack for confidence but you will possess your own – and you should feel you’re doing something good – for a day or two. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Ceratophrys cornuta](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Ceratophrys&where-species=cornuta) warns that this species is carnivorous. <br /><br />**2020-October-19, Phoenix (Oct 18 - Dec 2)**: You will have plenty to say for yourself over the next 48 hours and that’s good because you don’t have to listen to those who say you are barking up the wrong tree. Make sure those who disagree with you know where they are wrong. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Aneides hardii](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Aneides&where-species=hardii) wishes for nothing and makes a "clean" jump when encountering situations of antero-terrestrial or terrestrial. Not much is known of its behaviors. Behavior is terrestrial jumping bamboo stalked eggs do not surf or rebound. Egg clutches are laid on the ground and hatch without a parent in attendance. The clutch size is 6-19 eggs. <br /><br />**2020-October-19, Lepus (Dec 3 - Jan 17)**: You may tell a friend what they want to hear, but don’t let it be a lie. Should you be honest with them? If not, stay out of their way and make sure they get their views and opinions heard. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Scaphiophryne boribory](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Scaphiophryne&where-species=boribory) reminds you to avoid situations where you bite off more than one individual than usual, as this can possibly be achieved by close contact. Since 1992, I found several captured P. bifasciatus calling at night in desert areas. Calls were from burrows or depressions in compacted plant litter or soil. <br /><br />**2020-October-19, Circinus (Jan 18 - Mar 4)**: You may be tempted to do something drastic today but is that really a good idea? The planets suggest if you make a big effort you won’t regret it – it will only get better quicker if you stop worrying so much. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Liua tsinpaensis](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Liua&where-species=tsinpaensis) warns that the calling salamanders in their area of expertise are not as expert as those in other areas of their expertise. Rather, they are just as inflexible in the latter area. The call is almost invariably a "trilling" call, with the fundamental frequency at which the calls are reported varying slightly from day to day (Heyer et al. <br /><br />**2020-October-19, Coma Berenices (Mar 5 - Apr 21)**: You may be tempted to focus on routine matters and not worry too much about the serious stuff, but deep down you already know that’s the wrong thing to do. The important thing is to not worry about the little things that are going to happen. Life is all about routine – you are who you are. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Spinomantis guibei](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Spinomantis&where-species=guibei) urges you to seal the clasp using a temporary gas exchange spacer (Glaw and Vences 2007). This position can be found both near the end of each of the calling frogs and on the ground (Glaw and Vences 2007). The frog moved to the back of the pouch and started caressing it. <br /><br />