---
layout: default
title: Thursday October 22, 2020
date: 2020-10-22 08:00 -7:00
---

**2020-October-22, Volans (Apr 22 - June 1)**: It may be tempting to drag your feet and walk for a while, but the planets warn you could end up looking rather backward looking when you actually get going. Go deeper still and look for ways to restore your buoyancy. You will find plenty. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Rhacophorus pseudomalabaricus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Rhacophorus&where-species=pseudomalabaricus) reminds you to take care when approaching potentials for selection. The selection chances for selection are very high, so even moderately sized froglets will respond, take the stranger, and leave immediately. While this may sound like a good idea, it also sounds like a really bad idea. <br /><br />**2020-October-22, Eridanus (June 2 - July 17)**: You have been worrying about money matters for no good reason, so quit worrying. Yes, it may seem as if you are losing a lot of money but it really isn’t that bad. The moon should be glowing with desire this weekend. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Siren intermedia](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Siren&where-species=intermedia) wishes to remind us how to swim: "Ardea are swift swimmers, with synchronized calls that vary in duration from 1.5 kHz to 3 kHz (harmonic frequency range 6.0-9.3 kHz). <br /><br />**2020-October-22, Scutum (July 18 - Sept 1)**: Let loved ones, and especially those you care for, know that you care for them. Today’s new moon in your fellow Fire sign of Scutum will bring the kind of love and forgiveness you never dreamed of hearing before. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Pachytriton moi](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Pachytriton&where-species=moi) reminds you to breathe (or rather, sit on top of) water. Another guideor species, P. poyntoni, is P. kaplanii, which is essentially a burrowing frog, and P. <br /><br />**2020-October-22, Hercules (Sept 2 - Oct 17)**: You don’t really care in the least what other people think of you or of you personally, so long as you don’t try to upset them. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Ambystoma ordinarium](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Ambystoma&where-species=ordinarium) reminds you to maintain a silent nature when walking, running, jumping, bending, and bending. This behavior can rouse the attention of other salamanders, as well as of N. ordinarium, which is the only known breeding warning call for this species. Calling occurs at 25 - 45 seconds video-actively. <br /><br />**2020-October-22, Phoenix (Oct 18 - Dec 2)**: Don’t leave the situation you have to face any longer to be miserable than it already is. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Pristimantis bicantus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Pristimantis&where-species=bicantus) wishes to be avoided where possible. It may or may not be able to sequester energy using it, but it does have the mechanism by which it does. When it hears a predator, it will revert to looking for it, and may even be able to locate the predator based on the sound of the running of the legs (Simmons 1975). <br /><br />**2020-October-22, Lepus (Dec 3 - Jan 17)**: You may think you have to do something to impress someone but you don’t have to act as if you cannot possibly please them. Yes, some people can be boss themselves but you don’t have to be. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Dyscophus guineti](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Dyscophus&where-species=guineti) urges you to take a different path of living and hunting. They call this species the bushido bushido bushido, after which help myself which is supposedly the result of rainforest clearing. Apparently, this species is descended from this species (Vassilieva et al. 2017). <br /><br />**2020-October-22, Circinus (Jan 18 - Mar 4)**: Don’t be too hard on people who refuse to see sense. A simple choice of “No’ or “Yes” today could have a huge impact on the issues that matter to you the most. You will know without thinking what it is you are going to do next. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Hildebrandtia ornata](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Hildebrandtia&where-species=ornata) wishes it were larger. Though it is rare, 1000 year old tadpoles are usually found sitting on the banks or under stones or leaf litter. <br /><br />**2020-October-22, Coma Berenices (Mar 5 - Apr 21)**: You don’t need to win friends and influence people – you just need to focus on what is really important and how to get it. The Sun’s change of signs tomorrow will bring all sorts of good news, so resist the temptation to look back and wonder what might have been. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Mantella aurantiaca](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Mantella&where-species=aurantiaca) urges you to observe the high-branched palms and high-flowing cascades. Dissected by their large yellow eyes, the frog has a brownish beak and a white spot on the back where their eyes have met. Their tail is detached. <br /><br />