---
layout: default
title: Wednesday October 27, 2021
date: 2021-10-27 08:00 -7:00
---

**2021-October-24, Volans (Apr 22 - June 1)**: This is the ideal time to take a new sense of direction and explore new possibilities. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Alexteroon hypsiphonus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Alexteroon&where-species=hypsiphonus) says, "is a highly social species." Its general behavior is that of a Muscat, Beddomixalus, in the mountains. <br /><br />**2021-October-24, Eridanus (June 2 - July 17)**: Your confidence will start to take a significant turn as the new week begins. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Pelophylax bedriagae](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Pelophylax&where-species=bedriagae) urges you to be more in the environmentalist frame of reference. <br /><br />**2021-October-24, Scutum (July 18 - Sept 1)**: You may not be in the most sociable of moods at the moment but that’s okay. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Oreolalax xiangchengensis](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Oreolalax&where-species=xiangchengensis) says: "This species is known for its big belly, which can beuffed with billnpout. In captivity, consumption of ants and beetles was observed. <br /><br />**2021-October-24, Hercules (Sept 2 - Oct 17)**: You will have to fight for your rights today – you are at your best when you are on the move. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Proceratophrys boiei](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Proceratophrys&where-species=boiei) warns that certain call types may be repeated in loud and clear. Be warned that this could be a nesting site for both pair paternity and unpair paternity. <br /><br />**2021-October-24, Phoenix (Oct 18 - Dec 2)**: You are under no obligation to be nice to people in positions of power, not even if you think they are doing the wrong thing. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Cryptotriton monzoni](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Cryptotriton&where-species=monzoni) reminds you to stay, even when the water has almost completely dried. It also shows the highest percentage of nighttime activity. <br /><br />**2021-October-24, Lepus (Dec 3 - Jan 17)**: You need to be honest with yourself about how you feel and how you think. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Rhombophryne guentherpetersi](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Rhombophryne&where-species=guentherpetersi) wishes to remind the importance of bottom-feeding in the food web of their mother planet, Heru Plants (Vitti et al., 2016). <br /><br />**2021-October-24, Circinus (Jan 18 - Mar 4)**: Good news of one sort or another will come your way today – the kind of news you find hard to believe. Get involved in an activity you really fancy and leave it all to other people. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Pseudophryne corroboree](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Pseudophryne&where-species=corroboree) urges you to avoid situations where you risk being caught in the middle of several defensive tactics (e.g., snappy call) to defend yourself at the expense of colleagues and relatives (Prates 2009). <br /><br />**2021-October-24, Coma Berenices (Mar 5 - Apr 21)**: Don’t worry if you find yourself on a tight schedule because the planets will make it easy for you to balance things out. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Leptopelis spiritusnoctis](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Leptopelis&where-species=spiritusnoctis) wishes to encourage those who do not hunt or do not live near water sources to seek out and fish in streams (Glaw and Vences 2007). <br /><br />