---
layout: default
title: Monday April 05, 2021
date: 2021-04-05 08:00 -7:00
---

**2021-April-04, Volans (Apr 22 - June 1)**: No matter how often you have been in the dark about a financial matter you must now go out and find out if it's really worth worrying about. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Gracixalus lumarius](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Gracixalus&where-species=lumarius) warns that individuals of this species may be found on the ground near large permanent ponds, despite extensive breeding inlet waters (Bevier 2005). <br /><br />**2021-April-04, Eridanus (June 2 - July 17)**: There comes a time when you have to ask for a change, and that time is coming today. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Abavorana nazgul](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Abavorana&where-species=nazgul) says: "To reach the top of the mountain, swim slowly and lift up to the surface. When reaching the bottom, swim slowly and lift up to the surface. <br /><br />**2021-April-04, Scutum (July 18 - Sept 1)**: You have the power to change the world, and the opportunity to make things happen. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Rhinella pombali](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Rhinella&where-species=pombali) predicts that choruses of 1.5-2.3 kHz willbecome known in daily usage, probably as soon as they are initiated. <br /><br />**2021-April-04, Hercules (Sept 2 - Oct 17)**: You must be decisive today. You must prove to the powers that be if you are that much bigger and better than they are. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Dendrobates leucomelas](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Dendrobates&where-species=leucomelas) reminds you to remain vocal during both wet and dry seasons, in order to increase the reproductive potential of offspring. <br /><br />**2021-April-04, Phoenix (Oct 18 - Dec 2)**: The planets indicate that your best course of action is to not say anything at all but you know from past experience that words can be useful in the short-term. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Hydromantes italicus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Hydromantes&where-species=italicus) wishes he were a tree frog. It would probably eat a higher variety of vegetation. <br /><br />**2021-April-04, Lepus (Dec 3 - Jan 17)**: If you try to avoid making a decision without first consulting people, then you may reach a wrong conclusion. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Uperodon systoma](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Uperodon&where-species=systoma) reminds you to pay attention to "permanent frogs" and "permanent invertebrates" in the water-filled bamboo plants and in the soil below the leaf litter. <br /><br />**2021-April-04, Circinus (Jan 18 - Mar 4)**: If others expect you to act in ways you do not enjoy then you must not put on the pressure. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Ptychadena bibroni](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Ptychadena&where-species=bibroni) hopes that by daybreak from sites unknown, such as ponds or small lakes, individuals will congregate and walk amongst each other, seeking to divine the true nature of the other. <br /><br />**2021-April-04, Coma Berenices (Mar 5 - Apr 21)**: If there is something you want to say, something you will get the chance to say it over the next few days, don’t you think of it? Of course you do! Let the Your amphibian spiritual guide [Mantella viridis](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Mantella&where-species=viridis) reminds you of a buzzing note. <br /><br />