---
layout: default
title: Sunday April 11, 2021
date: 2021-04-11 08:00 -7:00
---

**2021-April-11, Volans (Apr 22 - June 1)**: You must not let other people fool you, no matter how smart you may be. Some days it does not matter what  others may be, so long as you are reasonable and not easily provoked. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Megastomatohyla pellita](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Megastomatohyla&where-species=pellita) predicts that some members of the genus Pseudophilautus are similar to that of Pseudophilautus leptus (Mahony & Minor 1997). <br /><br />**2021-April-11, Eridanus (June 2 - July 17)**: No matter what happens over the next two or three days you must stay calm and stay in control of events. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Telmatobius necopinus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Telmatobius&where-species=necopinus) predicts that the species will stay alight during both day and night. <br /><br />**2021-April-11, Scutum (July 18 - Sept 1)**: You may not have made your peace with someone already this weekend but you may want to do it over the next few days. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Paramesotriton labiatus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Paramesotriton&where-species=labiatus) warns that this species may be at risk from converging on a water body by finding its way to water in the pools, or by taking a detour to the water. <br /><br />**2021-April-11, Hercules (Sept 2 - Oct 17)**: According to the planets you may be worrying about something that has nothing to do with you but don’t let your fear get the better of you. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Ectopoglossus confusus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Ectopoglossus&where-species=confusus) says, "This plant is fairly common within its range, and is particularly abundant in pinealbuff habitat" (footnote 49). <br /><br />**2021-April-11, Phoenix (Oct 18 - Dec 2)**: You may be tempted to start again at something you started a long time ago but the planets warn this is not the right time for it. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Batrachoseps regius](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Batrachoseps&where-species=regius) warns against taking any psychedelic (psilocybin or mescaline?) alkaloids (sulfuridines) over the fungal toxins that converts to desulfur in the fungal environment <br /><br />**2021-April-11, Lepus (Dec 3 - Jan 17)**: No matter how many times it may have been difficult to live with the consequences of your actions you will deal with it with ease. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Austrochaperina robusta](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Austrochaperina&where-species=robusta) wishes they were tame. <br /><br />**2021-April-11, Circinus (Jan 18 - Mar 4)**: The most important thing this week is that you are honest with yourself. If you are not now you will, at some stage, have to tell the world. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Taudactylus pleione](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Taudactylus&where-species=pleione) says it is capable of reaching heights of 16-17 m, even with most of its large eggs removed. <br /><br />**2021-April-11, Coma Berenices (Mar 5 - Apr 21)**: Try to avoid getting stuck into disputes today and over the next 24 hours because the people you deal with will be on the emotional edge. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Boophis ankaratra](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Boophis&where-species=ankaratra) predicts the calling of male cricketards at dusk. At Lamto, calling males have been observed at night in January and February. <br /><br />