---
layout: default
title: Sunday June 20, 2021
date: 2021-06-20 08:00 -7:00
---

**2021-June-20, Volans (Apr 22 - June 1)**: Do what interests you today, regardless of how unpopular it might be with people in positions of power. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Raorchestes travancoricus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Raorchestes&where-species=travancoricus) urges you to stay within a few meters of shallow, freshwater ponds and to not approach fish or other aquatic species directly. <br /><br />**2021-June-20, Eridanus (June 2 - July 17)**: You have a great deal of energy at your disposal now and will use it to do something that only a really quick and focused Sag requires of you. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Telmatobius degener](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Telmatobius&where-species=degener) reminds you to take care when handling small amounts of egg white. <br /><br />**2021-June-20, Scutum (July 18 - Sept 1)**: There is no point trying to win friends and influence people. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Leptophryne cruentata](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Leptophryne&where-species=cruentata) reminds you to breathe in and avoid water bodies where threatened by predators. This species is diurnal and can be found crawling on the ground near roots of perennial plants. <br /><br />**2021-June-20, Hercules (Sept 2 - Oct 17)**: The Sun’s move into the career area of your chart tomorrow will bring a smooth change in your plans. But what will it be? Let your inner voice tell you. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Epipedobates anthonyi](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Epipedobates&where-species=anthonyi) says, "A little care is no bad thing. The only danger it poses is that might itself. <br /><br />**2021-June-20, Phoenix (Oct 18 - Dec 2)**: A new moon in the career area of your chart will see you taking more chances than usual over the next few days. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Eleutherodactylus albipes](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Eleutherodactylus&where-species=albipes) hopes you will take a walking walk along Mount Olivetley, one of the more arid areas of Due to the location of the trails, it is difficult to find clues as to where individuals might be <br /><br />**2021-June-20, Lepus (Dec 3 - Jan 17)**: You will be even more of a go-getting person of late as from today on. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Austrochaperina pluvialis](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Austrochaperina&where-species=pluvialis) wishes the species was only known. <br /><br />**2021-June-20, Circinus (Jan 18 - Mar 4)**: What happens today will be important but it is also likely to bring a smile to your face. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Ptychadena pumilio](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Ptychadena&where-species=pumilio) dreams of being one of the many tribes of Ptychadena. Though known to the species, Ptychadena does not appear to have any enemies. P. pumilio is an inhabit <br /><br />**2021-June-20, Coma Berenices (Mar 5 - Apr 21)**: Your imagination will be in a lively and positive frame of mind today. Whether you actually do it or whether you just happen to be in the process of doing it is left to you. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Leptopelis millsoni](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Leptopelis&where-species=millsoni) urges you to observe and silence other members of the group. <br /><br />