---
layout: default
title: Sunday February 14, 2021
date: 2021-02-14 08:00 -7:00
---

**2021-February-14, Volans (Apr 22 - June 1)**: You must take care over the next 48 hours, especially when socializing and travelling. Don’t try to run away and hide in the corner making jokes about your goals. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Phyllomedusa vaillantii](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Phyllomedusa&where-species=vaillantii) hopes that by following an insect-paced diet they will be able to aestivate and be reared once they become adults (Kwet 1999). <br /><br />**2021-February-14, Eridanus (June 2 - July 17)**: The more you think about the future the more likely it will be that you will come through unscathed and unscathed for the next few weeks. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Necturus alabamensis](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Necturus&where-species=alabamensis) says, "Like most frogs, tadpoles are considered part of the frog's ecosystem, and are therefore considered part of it. <br /><br />**2021-February-14, Scutum (July 18 - Sept 1)**: You may be willing to pay a bit more to get what you want but don’t be so sure you won’t enjoy it later on. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Rhinella casconi](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Rhinella&where-species=casconi) says: "This species has a very short breeding period. Females produce one or several clutches a day, during which time a whole season is possible. <br /><br />**2021-February-14, Hercules (Sept 2 - Oct 17)**: It might not be a good idea to change your plans if what you are planning to do today does not meet with the approval of people in positions of power. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Allobates flaviventris](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Allobates&where-species=flaviventris) urges you to eat only the soft stuff, such as eggs and small larvae. <br /><br />**2021-February-14, Phoenix (Oct 18 - Dec 2)**: You can expect a lot of changes over the next few days. The most important change is your attitude: if you are not happy with how things are going then change is the only option. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Bolitoglossa occidentalis](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Bolitoglossa&where-species=occidentalis) reminds you to stay within striking distance of the forest floor and stay away from potential predators (Parra-Olea 2005). Nesting and laying occur during the rainy season (May to December). <br /><br />**2021-February-14, Lepus (Dec 3 - Jan 17)**: You will have to make a few social moves over the next few days but they won’t be as difficult as you expected. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Phrynomantis bifasciatus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Phrynomantis&where-species=bifasciatus) urges you to take a more relaxed viewpoint of all three species. First, he says it is probably no bad thing to take on the alligators that inhabit just a small deflected shoulder of frozen water bodies. <br /><br />**2021-February-14, Circinus (Jan 18 - Mar 4)**: If you are having second thoughts about something that previously you agreed with you must admit that you are wrong. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Paradactylodon mustersi](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Paradactylodon&where-species=mustersi) reminds you to stay within the natural protection zone around the banks of streams and not go into the pools. <br /><br />**2021-February-14, Coma Berenices (Mar 5 - Apr 21)**: Your mind will be made a more formidable weapon today, and your head will be as free of mental and emotional problems as you thought it was. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Mantidactylus curtus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Mantidactylus&where-species=curtus) wishes to teach. <br /><br />