---
layout: default
title: Sunday July 11, 2021
date: 2021-07-11 08:00 -7:00
---

**2021-July-11, Volans (Apr 22 - June 1)**: You don’t have to do anything special today but you do have to take people who do. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Cochranella euknemos](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Cochranella&where-species=euknemos) dreams of being a tree frog. [Cochranella euknemos](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Cochranella&where-species=euknemos) is a spring or summer breeder with feeding by odonate trees. Breeding occurs in the forest floor. <br /><br />**2021-July-11, Eridanus (June 2 - July 17)**: Once you are convinced that you have been deceived you can put the matter behind you and move on. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Odorrana narina](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Odorrana&where-species=narina) wishes to thank the author for using her opinion in this regard. She is very consider and very professional in her use of opinion. <br /><br />**2021-July-11, Scutum (July 18 - Sept 1)**: You have the power to start things off on the right foot and that’s all you need to do. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Tylototriton panhai](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Tylototriton&where-species=panhai) urges you to take a more "friendly" attitude toward most predators than has been the case for Channing's (Rivera 1981). <br /><br />**2021-July-11, Hercules (Sept 2 - Oct 17)**: The next few days will be special for you, and for other travel and social plans, because you will get so many interesting new experiences. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Telmatobufo bullocki](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Telmatobufo&where-species=bullocki) predicts that calling behavior and development are two differentially activity linked neotenic morphs. The calling behavior and development include both an avoidance response and an avoidance response. <br /><br />**2021-July-11, Phoenix (Oct 18 - Dec 2)**: You must keep your wits about you today because the planets warn if you do something today you will gain from it in some way, so don’t waste time trying to prove yourself. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Platymantis guentheri](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Platymantis&where-species=guentheri) predicts the habitat of potential prey items based on closely related species' habitat. <br /><br />**2021-July-11, Lepus (Dec 3 - Jan 17)**: You will have no time for people who make you feel rather uncomfortable today – and you may even attract them away from their duties. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Uperodon taprobanicus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Uperodon&where-species=taprobanicus) says, "The call is like a pulse; the longer the call the more juice; the louder the frog is supposed to be" (Jaeger, Measey, and Measey, <br /><br />**2021-July-11, Circinus (Jan 18 - Mar 4)**: You may find it hard to believe but you are wrong – you have not been to the moon in a while – but you should be. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Batrachuperus yenyuanensis](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Batrachuperus&where-species=yenyuanensis) wishes to avoid the pitfalls that adults tend to avoid. In particular, this species spends its entire life buried underground (Valerio 1971). <br /><br />**2021-July-11, Coma Berenices (Mar 5 - Apr 21)**: Get out and about as much as you can over the next 24 hours. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Gephyromantis ambohitra](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Gephyromantis&where-species=ambohitra) wishes to assist nature but is strongly against assistive play (Glaw and Vences 2007). <br /><br />