---
layout: default
title: Sunday May 02, 2021
date: 2021-05-02 08:00 -7:00
---

**2021-May-02, Volans (Apr 22 - June 1)**: If you have been keeping your aims to yourself you will realize today that your life is an adventure and a life of discovery. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Litoria dayi](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Litoria&where-species=dayi) reminds you to eat plant matter and leave free the algae overhanging the water. Plant matter is a major component in the feeding of Litoria <br /><br />**2021-May-02, Eridanus (June 2 - July 17)**: This is not a time to take chances, especially with money, and you should consider start saving some money. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Pelophylax terentievi](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Pelophylax&where-species=terentievi) predicts that the frog will remain passive during threatened activity. <br /><br />**2021-May-02, Scutum (July 18 - Sept 1)**: You may find it hard to hide your emotions this weekend but that’s okay because other people will be there to support you. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Oreolalax xiangchengensis](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Oreolalax&where-species=xiangchengensis) urges you to stay safe during quarantine season in ponds, swamps, and puddles. <br /><br />**2021-May-02, Hercules (Sept 2 - Oct 17)**: Your confidence may be high at the moment and that is great because confidence will bring you success, take it as a sign that you are special. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Ambystoma mavortium](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Ambystoma&where-species=mavortium) wishes to thank the following individuals for their generous comments and suggestions: (1) D. lehmanni; (2) D. historianni. <br /><br />**2021-May-02, Phoenix (Oct 18 - Dec 2)**: If you need assistance over the next 24 hours you must ask for it. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Bolitoglossa cataguana](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Bolitoglossa&where-species=cataguana) predicts the behavior of a clutch often goes by heart rate (Heinicke et al. 1999). <br /><br />**2021-May-02, Lepus (Dec 3 - Jan 17)**: If you come on too strong today you will make a new friend or meet someone who should have been your friend. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Cophixalus zweifeli](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Cophixalus&where-species=zweifeli) predicts that short, whistling calls from underground burrows will help you relax. <br /><br />**2021-May-02, Circinus (Jan 18 - Mar 4)**: Even if you would prefer to live in a more relaxed and forgiving world you don’t have to change who you are. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Neobatrachus wilsmorei](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Neobatrachus&where-species=wilsmorei) wishes to avoid the pitfalls of the night cycle because it is more adaptable to local environments. <br /><br />**2021-May-02, Coma Berenices (Mar 5 - Apr 21)**: Someone is likely to clash with you today – physically, mentally and emotionally – but don’t make it look obvious. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Gephyromantis tandroka](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Gephyromantis&where-species=tandroka) wishes to remain unidentified, preferring anonymity in order to not be recognized by bat watchers. <br /><br />