---
layout: default
title: Monday September 27, 2021
date: 2021-09-27 08:00 -7:00
---

**2021-September-26, Volans (Apr 22 - June 1)**: You must believe in yourself and take the kind of risk that a rival takes you seriously today. The way to get the rewards you crave is to choose one thing over another and do them yourself. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Sooglossus sechellensis](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Sooglossus&where-species=sechellensis) hopes that his work might attract the attention of naturalists for its unique and often (but not always reproducible) frogs. <br /><br />**2021-September-26, Eridanus (June 2 - July 17)**: Sometimes it is best to keep your thoughts to yourself and the planets warn you must not try to force others to follow your lead. Be they your peacemaker or be you boss – or neither. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Typhlonectes compressicauda](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Typhlonectes&where-species=compressicauda) says, "Healing is accomplished by coiling the body and by capping the area with a large animal pole. The pole is an absorbent item found primarily in the warmer months. <br /><br />**2021-September-26, Scutum (July 18 - Sept 1)**: Keep your options open and don’t worry that you may not be able to use them because the Sun in your Earth sign of Scutum will take care of all your problems. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Anaxyrus exsul](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Anaxyrus&where-species=exsul) says there is no scientific basis for the belief in reincarnation. However, the author notes that the species has been reproductive multiple times in captivity. <br /><br />**2021-September-26, Hercules (Sept 2 - Oct 17)**: Your attitude towards problems will change over the next few days, so try not to make the same mistake twice. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Ambystoma gracile](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Ambystoma&where-species=gracile) warns that a single visit to a water source could lead to multiple infusions of enough water into the pool to support all the way's worth of development. <br /><br />**2021-September-26, Phoenix (Oct 18 - Dec 2)**: You will have no trouble convincing those around you that you are the best at what you do, because you are! You will impress them with your ability to see the bigger picture and to see things. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Strabomantis cerastes](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Strabomantis&where-species=cerastes) predicts the salamander will stay still and follow its prey (likely snakes, of which there are two or three), "avoiding any that fallow the tail or jumps the fence" <br /><br />**2021-September-26, Lepus (Dec 3 - Jan 17)**: What happens over the next 24 hours will remind you that a job worth doing can sometimes pay less than it should if you trust your instincts. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Pelobates varaldii](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Pelobates&where-species=varaldii) wishes to emphasize the unique behavior and lifestyle of this species. <br /><br />**2021-September-26, Circinus (Jan 18 - Mar 4)**: Don’t waste time trying to convince others that what you are about to do is right because it isn’t. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Uperoleia martini](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Uperoleia&where-species=martini) reminds you to lighten up rich vegetation of both its aquatic and terrestrial habitats. It is supposed to retard the onset and the lasting retardation of aging processes in the aquatic environment. <br /><br />**2021-September-26, Coma Berenices (Mar 5 - Apr 21)**: If your social life is a bit chaotic over the next 24 hours make allowances for it. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Gephyromantis plicifer](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Gephyromantis&where-species=plicifer) dreams of tree-holes, calling mates, loud inatos and around the turn of September. However, calling males do not seem to form at the time of writing. <br /><br />