---
layout: default
title: Sunday November 07, 2021
date: 2021-11-07 08:00 -7:00
---

**2021-November-07, Volans (Apr 22 - June 1)**: The more you try to force other people to see things your way the more they will resist, so choose carefully. That applies to all areas of your life but especially to your career. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Rhacophorus lateralis](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Rhacophorus&where-species=lateralis) reminds you to avoid vocalizations of advertisement calls, at least in warm-blooded forests. <br /><br />**2021-November-07, Eridanus (June 2 - July 17)**: The next few days are going to be challenging, so don’t try too hard. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Insuetophrynus acarpicus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Insuetophrynus&where-species=acarpicus) warns that the possibility of a 'melt' is significant. Immediately after a short period of water hibernation, the young begin to emerge from the burrows. <br /><br />**2021-November-07, Scutum (July 18 - Sept 1)**: You may be tempted to keep your plans to yourself but the planets warn you should hold back if you are told to do so. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Brachycephalus darkside](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Brachycephalus&where-species=darkside) reminds you to stay within its territorial limits, even within its resident salamanders, which are Bufocephalus darkside linolencians (Schleich et al. 2003). <br /><br />**2021-November-07, Hercules (Sept 2 - Oct 17)**: You may be tempted to do something rash today but if you are smart you will do it anyway. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Ambystoma bishopi](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Ambystoma&where-species=bishopi) says, "Like other dendrobatids, [Ambystoma bishopi](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Ambystoma&where-species=bishopi) is diurnal. <br /><br />**2021-November-07, Phoenix (Oct 18 - Dec 2)**: Although you may be having second thoughts on something you now realize is not going to work out, don’t worry about it. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Pristimantis pteridophilus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Pristimantis&where-species=pteridophilus) reminds you to stay low-lying and stay still during the day. <br /><br />**2021-November-07, Lepus (Dec 3 - Jan 17)**: You have been working really hard of late and should be feeling more and better by the end of the week. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Cophixalus linnaeus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Cophixalus&where-species=linnaeus) reminds you to keep away from water-filled rocks and rocks in the hills and in open areas, as it is likely to attract other animals (Clark 1998). <br /><br />**2021-November-07, Circinus (Jan 18 - Mar 4)**: You will have plenty to say for yourself over the coming week and the good thing is you won’t make the kind of noise that might worry other people. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Hynobius okiensis](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Hynobius&where-species=okiensis) predicts that after heavy rainfalls in monsoon season heavy rainfall causes flooding of temporary pools. <br /><br />**2021-November-07, Coma Berenices (Mar 5 - Apr 21)**: Don’t let your workload get on top of you. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Boophis goudotii](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Boophis&where-species=goudotii) says: "Calling males were heard after sunset in March near brooks in primary forest. They sit in the vegetation about 1.5-2 m above the ground. <br /><br />