---
layout: default
title: Sunday March 07, 2021
date: 2021-03-07 08:00 -7:00
---

**2021-March-07, Volans (Apr 22 - June 1)**: If you plan ahead too rigidly these days you will end up making many changes. There is even a danger you may start making unnecessary demands on yourself. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Kassina maculosa](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Kassina&where-species=maculosa) dreams of eating insects and spiders. However, some speculated that the eggs might be spiders as they reported that serrata eat insects and spiders. <br /><br />**2021-March-07, Eridanus (June 2 - July 17)**: When the Sun moves into your fellow Fire sign of Eridanus on the 21st you will have a lot to say for yourself and for those who respect you. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Odorrana ishikawae](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Odorrana&where-species=ishikawae) urges you to use its strong vocalization (and sometimes its whistle) to communicate with its threatened relatives. <br /><br />**2021-March-07, Scutum (July 18 - Sept 1)**: You may not be able to convince those who do not share your ideals but the planets suggest that they will respect your arguments and your facts more than they would usual people. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Rhinella lescurei](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Rhinella&where-species=lescurei) wishes to thank the conservation officer for the forest, for its assistance in its conservation. <br /><br />**2021-March-07, Hercules (Sept 2 - Oct 17)**: You will have the chance to meet and learn with partners and colleagues today and it will make all the difference. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Allobates brunneus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Allobates&where-species=brunneus) hopes that by walking through the forest with its call, it will become aware of and able to distinguish between the different diet groups. <br /><br />**2021-March-07, Phoenix (Oct 18 - Dec 2)**: You may want to move up in the world but you must not do so at your own expense. Life is not just about work and love. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Craugastor chrysozetetes](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Craugastor&where-species=chrysozetetes) says this species is a direct developer. The species may however be direct-developing, as in other species of Plethodon, which are direct-fertilizing. <br /><br />**2021-March-07, Lepus (Dec 3 - Jan 17)**: You should find it easier to show your emotions, especially if you have been the life and soul of the party and no longer care if others disapprove of your desire. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Cophixalus phaeobalius](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Cophixalus&where-species=phaeobalius) hopes that by visiting dynamic points in the tropical forests, they can capture the attention of other living species, so that they can further develop the species. <br /><br />**2021-March-07, Circinus (Jan 18 - Mar 4)**: There is a lot of confusion swirling around at the moment and you desperately need to find out what it is. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Minervarya kirtisinghei](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Minervarya&where-species=kirtisinghei) predicts that the pulse rate during the pulse-frequencies is not less than the initial one year, but is still consistent with the pulse-frequencies. <br /><br />**2021-March-07, Coma Berenices (Mar 5 - Apr 21)**: There are people in your life that you would prefer not to know about but you have a choice in the matter. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Leptopelis boulengeri](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Leptopelis&where-species=boulengeri) wishes to emphasize the low voice, the very similar monosyllabic " whistling " as in other species in the group. <br /><br />