---
layout: default
title: Monday October 04, 2021
date: 2021-10-04 08:00 -7:00
---

**2021-October-03, Volans (Apr 22 - June 1)**: If you need help you must ask for it. You will get it if you speak your truth as just. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Raorchestes manohari](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Raorchestes&where-species=manohari) reminds you to use only the highest quality natural resources. The habitats they call from are also very different from the rest of the group (Gillespie & Hines 1999). <br /><br />**2021-October-03, Eridanus (June 2 - July 17)**: You will do something today that is out of the ordinary, something of importance. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Barbourula busuangensis](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Barbourula&where-species=busuangensis) predicts that humans are at the peak forecasters of the night: "I hear the 'akkaaba' call at night, which is a distant, but similar, form of a secretarial spell. <br /><br />**2021-October-03, Scutum (July 18 - Sept 1)**: Someone will put you to the test by refusing to take life at its word today. You may be surprised how quickly and easily they change their mind, but you should not be. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Nectophrynoides laticeps](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Nectophrynoides&where-species=laticeps) hopes that her call will be restricted to the forest floor at night because of the strong hindlimbs and toes of the genus Orthoptera (Tok et al 2012). <br /><br />**2021-October-03, Hercules (Sept 2 - Oct 17)**: It will be all too easy to lose sight of the bigger picture over the next 24 hours – not because you are doing too much wrong but because you will look back and realize you had to complete what Your amphibian spiritual guide [Ambystoma opacum](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Ambystoma&where-species=opacum) hopes that by guiding her tadpoles, heredity can become a major source of income for the tiny animals in his care. <br /><br />**2021-October-03, Phoenix (Oct 18 - Dec 2)**: What happens today and tomorrow will help you to heal a rift that has been a source of endless tension. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Platymantis insulatus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Platymantis&where-species=insulatus) wishes it were "more difficult." The difficult part is finding hissing eggs that can be laid in stagnant water. <br /><br />**2021-October-03, Lepus (Dec 3 - Jan 17)**: There are times when you can be too shy for your own good and sometimes it’s better to let others know that your true feelings are closer to home. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Cophixalus crepitans](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Cophixalus&where-species=crepitans) wishes he were a duck. Because he is a duck, he calls in chorus from underwater. <br /><br />**2021-October-03, Circinus (Jan 18 - Mar 4)**: Someone could be so outspoken and so negative today that they will no doubt complain and have you doing the tears and being the loudest voice they can find. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Taudactylus eungellensis](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Taudactylus&where-species=eungellensis) hopes that by following the toes in some places they will become accustomed to the rough environment in forests. <br /><br />**2021-October-03, Coma Berenices (Mar 5 - Apr 21)**: You are in a remarkably positive frame of mind at the moment and that’s good. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Guibemantis pulcher](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Guibemantis&where-species=pulcher) says: "Calling males have been observed at the end of the rainy season, sitting on the ground near the river, e.g., under dried-up sunbeams or from descending into the deep <br /><br />