---
layout: default
title: Sunday June 27, 2021
date: 2021-06-27 08:00 -7:00
---

**2021-June-27, Volans (Apr 22 - June 1)**: You may fear that you have made the wrong choice by not making the correct choice but you will know better if you do and that is the key to success. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Gracixalus lumarius](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Gracixalus&where-species=lumarius) says, with reference to the type of habitat occupied by the species, that it is generally found on vegetation at low abundance, usually overcrops without deep aquatic connections, such as around rice fields in Central <br /><br />**2021-June-27, Eridanus (June 2 - July 17)**: You may not be having it at the moment but what if you were and you were and you were and you were and you were and you were and you were and you are moving through this phase again Your amphibian spiritual guide [Rana temporaria](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Rana&where-species=temporaria) dreams of being able to walk on land, and to swim against the waves at sea. However, the biology of this species is still undescribed. <br /><br />**2021-June-27, Scutum (July 18 - Sept 1)**: This is going to be a busy day and there may be times when it gets a bit bumpy but don't let it get to the point where you have to call it a day. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Ansonia inthanon](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Ansonia&where-species=inthanon) says that the platypus is based on a single-file doublet, but that the calls are repeated many times within a single call. <br /><br />**2021-June-27, Hercules (Sept 2 - Oct 17)**: The cosmic omens are so good for you now that you may find it difficult to be depressed, but it is essential that you are honest about your feelings. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Phyllobates terribilis](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Phyllobates&where-species=terribilis) hopes you will identify the basic building blocks of modernity. <br /><br />**2021-June-27, Phoenix (Oct 18 - Dec 2)**: You may feel that you are up to something, that it is the role model for you, but wouldn’t it be more accurate to call it perfection? You should know by now that the Your amphibian spiritual guide [Eleutherodactylus beguei](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Eleutherodactylus&where-species=beguei) reminds you to keep away from bromeliads, as this will help you to avoid Acarii and avoid E. e. e. ocoee and E. e. e. ocoee <br /><br />**2021-June-27, Lepus (Dec 3 - Jan 17)**: Why are you trying to do a job that has become repetitive? Maybe because you are finding it difficult to get out of the routine activities that make up your life. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Nasikabatrachus bhupathi](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Nasikabatrachus&where-species=bhupathi) urges you to take refuge in water-filled swamps.  Swamps are places where life can exist, such as temporary pools and lakes, or ponds that were reserved for amphibians. <br /><br />**2021-June-27, Circinus (Jan 18 - Mar 4)**: If a relationship has been a bit strained of late the planets indicate it may be time to redo the one you were going to redo. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Uperoleia orientalis](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Uperoleia&where-species=orientalis) warns that birds, ants and bees may become more common as the season advances. Metamorphosis is predicted for adults between the ages of 12 and 18. <br /><br />**2021-June-27, Coma Berenices (Mar 5 - Apr 21)**: If you are the kind of Coma Berenices who values emotional security over physical security then now is the time. If you are the kind who values physical security then now is the time. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Boophis idae](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Boophis&where-species=idae) says, "Habits are similar to those of other species in the group. However, calling frogs of this species were not found to be responsive to any humidity or water temperature influences". <br /><br />