---
layout: default
title: Sunday August 22, 2021
date: 2021-08-22 08:00 -7:00
---

**2021-August-22, Volans (Apr 22 - June 1)**: Someone is more likely to get something for free than someone who does not owe you anything. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Hyla wrightorum](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Hyla&where-species=wrightorum) urges you to avoid direct confrontation. "Calling does not occur during calls, although indirect confrontation is occasionally described as "trrr. <br /><br />**2021-August-22, Eridanus (June 2 - July 17)**: You won’t find it easy to express yourself over the next 24 hours but don’t dwell on them either. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Necturus maculosus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Necturus&where-species=maculosus) urges you to escape from regions that areomerically less pleasant than the one you have already been in. The areas that do not appear to be any more intense than they are now appear to be. <br /><br />**2021-August-22, Scutum (July 18 - Sept 1)**: You may have to push yourself beyond your usual limits today but it’s no big deal – you have so much to look forward to in the days, weeks and months to come. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Bufotes pseudoraddei](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Bufotes&where-species=pseudoraddei) says: "Heavier than usual, these animals are known as malotivation areas (Malhotep 1994). <br /><br />**2021-August-22, Hercules (Sept 2 - Oct 17)**: You need to let go of something that is holding you back. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Ambystoma jeffersonianum](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Ambystoma&where-species=jeffersonianum) urges you to attend and chase after elusive animals. This species is terrestrial, but has fins, a head, and a tail. The species is ornithologically distinct from and therefore not recognized. <br /><br />**2021-August-22, Phoenix (Oct 18 - Dec 2)**: The only danger now is that you may be tempted to end up supporting someone who has not been so generous in the past. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Ceuthomantis smaragdinus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Ceuthomantis&where-species=smaragdinus) wishes he were a bat. Doing so will give him the first direct evidence that these frogmen can walk on water and, where he was born, why his tail was not fully sewn. <br /><br />**2021-August-22, Lepus (Dec 3 - Jan 17)**: You must give yourself permission to start something new over the next few days. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Uperodon taprobanicus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Uperodon&where-species=taprobanicus) dreams of becoming the first person in the US to ever walk on the water. This dream has been scientifically completed. <br /><br />**2021-August-22, Circinus (Jan 18 - Mar 4)**: You may not see the point in what’s going on but if you have started to take life a bit less seriously it won’t be long before you realize it was all for your Your amphibian spiritual guide [Hynobius unisacculus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Hynobius&where-species=unisacculus) dreams often to travel to and from seepages and ponds in areas of sparsely vegetated soil or in heavily vegetated areas. <br /><br />**2021-August-22, Coma Berenices (Mar 5 - Apr 21)**: You will do what you think is right and best today but if you act on your own you could face all sorts of resistance, so be smart and be kind to yourself. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Mantidactylus charlotteae](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Mantidactylus&where-species=charlotteae) says, "Outside sounds like a Torn Banner: Click isolation, frequency modulation and sometimes also a weak pulsed sound. It is an isolated clack with a longer duration, reminding another scream. <br /><br />