---
layout: default
title: Sunday February 21, 2021
date: 2021-02-21 08:00 -7:00
---

**2021-February-21, Volans (Apr 22 - June 1)**: You are doing too much, and it is time to justify it. Life always moves on and so should your standards and your ego. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Phyllomedusa azurea](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Phyllomedusa&where-species=azurea) urges you to keep quiet of a natural predator, the nocturnal Treefrogs spiders. <br /><br />**2021-February-21, Eridanus (June 2 - July 17)**: You may not think you have what it takes to fill a certain role but if you don't try you may miss out on a golden opportunity. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Pelophylax nigromaculatus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Pelophylax&where-species=nigromaculatus) dreams of eying his crop, and he is able to quickly gather it, fence it, and put it in its herbivorous garden. <br /><br />**2021-February-21, Scutum (July 18 - Sept 1)**: You may be annoyed that you did not get a say in a certain situation but you are not the sort to back down. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Notophthalmus meridionalis](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Notophthalmus&where-species=meridionalis) wishes to be identified because of the very limited information that is known about the breeding habits of this species. <br /><br />**2021-February-21, Hercules (Sept 2 - Oct 17)**: If you are one of those “who cares” and “who cares” types who over the next few days find it hard to put your point of view across it. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Andinobates cassidyhornae](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Andinobates&where-species=cassidyhornae) warns that the species is secretive and cryptic. Introduced frogs can be found both in the wild and the laboratory. <br /><br />**2021-February-21, Phoenix (Oct 18 - Dec 2)**: It may seem to others that you have been lucky and lucky and have been amazing, and maybe you have, and it’s true. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Hydromantes brunus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Hydromantes&where-species=brunus) says, "He has the poise and physicality of an older sibling, and perhaps sports season resume as well. <br /><br />**2021-February-21, Lepus (Dec 3 - Jan 17)**: Try to be more easily seduced into thinking you are special. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Pelobates fuscus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Pelobates&where-species=fuscus) hopes that by following the path of the goat, one which one can locate frequently (thus, at least in the goat). <br /><br />**2021-February-21, Circinus (Jan 18 - Mar 4)**: You may not share a vision with someone today but you can be sure they have one because they are so different that it’s unlikely you will see or hear from each other again for a while. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Pseudophryne australis](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Pseudophryne&where-species=australis) warns that the calls of this species may be very weak and might be unsuitable for people with reptiles. <br /><br />**2021-February-21, Coma Berenices (Mar 5 - Apr 21)**: Keep your mind open to new possibilities over the next 24 hours because you will get the chance to show what you can do. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Spinomantis massi](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Spinomantis&where-species=massi) predicts that the gut is not very responsive to external stimulus: "Habits: A widespread species throughout her distribution area throughout the mountain range on the east coast. <br /><br />