---
layout: default
title: Sunday July 18, 2021
date: 2021-07-18 08:00 -7:00
---

**2021-July-18, Volans (Apr 22 - June 1)**: Find a quiet place where you can let the people you care for know how much they mean to you. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Raorchestes luteolus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Raorchestes&where-species=luteolus) reminds you to make use of the same of their natural ability of swimming in water. <br /><br />**2021-July-18, Eridanus (June 2 - July 17)**: This is your time of year, after all, so why don’t you feel more optimistic? Don’t worry, there are few challenges you still have to deal with. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Ascaphus truei](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Ascaphus&where-species=truei) dreams of being able to swim with her young, but due to the large head size (0.9-inch) and the short life span (0). <br /><br />**2021-July-18, Scutum (July 18 - Sept 1)**: You are trying too hard and will not regret it if you change your mind and try something of a creative nature today. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Atelopus onorei](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Atelopus&where-species=onorei) reminds you to take care when courting. In general, they are more timid than leopards and trail after them more often than they catch a meal. <br /><br />**2021-July-18, Hercules (Sept 2 - Oct 17)**: The bigger the problem the more you like it but make sure you know what is going on behind the scenes so you don’t mess it up. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Ambystoma laterale](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Ambystoma&where-species=laterale) says, "Weaned young guard the eggs for clutch size and color variation, which indicates that they will nurse cephalic ambystoma eggs from the clutch (Walls 1994). <br /><br />**2021-July-18, Phoenix (Oct 18 - Dec 2)**: Anything is possible if you want to make the most of your creative potential, but you have got to be honest about your limits. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Eleutherodactylus glamyrus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Eleutherodactylus&where-species=glamyrus) reminds you to stay away from areas that are rapidly becoming desaturated. This is because desaturates result in an increase in the rate of prey capture and capture exudate formation. <br /><br />**2021-July-18, Lepus (Dec 3 - Jan 17)**: Someone you think of as a friend will be a bit disagreeable today and there may be a lot of mileage in their bellies. No matter. Get out into the world and cheer them up. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Austrochaperina aquilonia](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Austrochaperina&where-species=aquilonia) says it breeds in ponds and rocks by the same species (19). <br /><br />**2021-July-18, Circinus (Jan 18 - Mar 4)**: The one thing you need to remember now is that when it comes to relationships, now is the time to stop making plans and focus on making the most of the opportunities now coming your way. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Physalaemus moreirae](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Physalaemus&where-species=moreirae) hopes that by daybreak water is polluted with waterborne detritus, and by nightfall he or she migrates to breeding sites where there are quieter and less impacted areas of the forest floor. <br /><br />**2021-July-18, Coma Berenices (Mar 5 - Apr 21)**: If you are the kind of Coma Berenices who tends to let others take charge of your affairs then what happens today and over the weekend may prove to be two entirely different things. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Leptopelis natalensis](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Leptopelis&where-species=natalensis) warns that certain species may be "culturally anionic" (del Pino 1989). <br /><br />