---
layout: default
title: Thursday October 21, 2021
date: 2021-10-21 08:00 -7:00
---

**2021-October-17, Volans (Apr 22 - June 1)**: If an opportunity to improve your money situation comes up over the next few days don’t squander it. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Litoria spenceri](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Litoria&where-species=spenceri) hopes your call will be "rare" in frogs. The call is a slow series of clicks with a very sharp frequency-intensity maximum. <br /><br />**2021-October-17, Eridanus (June 2 - July 17)**: You cannot stop making plans that are more in the public domain, so maybe you should steer clear of them for a while. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Pelophylax lessonae](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Pelophylax&where-species=lessonae) reminds you to stay within its natural habitat during the breeding season. <br /><br />**2021-October-17, Scutum (July 18 - Sept 1)**: You may have talent for what you say and you will make a name for yourself and work hard over the next few days, so don’t worry if you are losing. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Oreolalax jingdongensis](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Oreolalax&where-species=jingdongensis) urges you to bring a young to its aquatic phase. <br /><br />**2021-October-17, Hercules (Sept 2 - Oct 17)**: If you have to say something unpleasant you must say it loudly, especially if it has the power to turn others against you. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Ameerega ignipedis](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Ameerega&where-species=ignipedis) wishes to attract mate by simply repeating the call. Calling duration is about 11.7 seconds and the peak frequency is at 11.9 kHz. <br /><br />**2021-October-17, Phoenix (Oct 18 - Dec 2)**: You may not agree with what a friend or family member has to tell you but you can't help but be impressed. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Bolitoglossa mombachoensis](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Bolitoglossa&where-species=mombachoensis) warns that the following warning may be accurate <br /><br />**2021-October-17, Lepus (Dec 3 - Jan 17)**: The more you worry about your money situation the more you will gain over the next few days. Whatever your problem may be you will do better if you focus on it and deal with it. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Austrochaperina gracilipes](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Austrochaperina&where-species=gracilipes) wishes to emphasize the unique timing of emergence (startle onset), breeding, and reproduction. <br /><br />**2021-October-17, Circinus (Jan 18 - Mar 4)**: If your feelings are not as strong as they once were you must not take your chances now. If you get the chance to impress someone today you must take it, no matter how unlikely it is. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Uperoleia lithomoda](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Uperoleia&where-species=lithomoda) predicts that the following water changes throughout the year: first heavy rainfall in July, followed by a similar rainfall period in June <br /><br />**2021-October-17, Coma Berenices (Mar 5 - Apr 21)**: The less you worry about what others might think about what you are doing the more likely it is they will see the funny side of you. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Aglyptodactylus securifer](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Aglyptodactylus&where-species=securifer) warns that the frogs lack hands-free calling. <br /><br />