---
layout: default
title: Saturday March 27, 2021
date: 2021-03-27 08:00 -7:00
---

**2021-March-21, Volans (Apr 22 - June 1)**: Do something dynamic this weekend, something you have never done before. Others may not approve but later on you will look back and wonder if you did it. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Cyclorana australis](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Cyclorana&where-species=australis) dreams of becoming a gyre. It has elements of both aestivation and reproduction. It has elements of reproduction and ornate breeding. Reproduction occurs in the dry season between June and January. <br /><br />**2021-March-21, Eridanus (June 2 - July 17)**: It may be a lot of fun working alongside other people today but if you are wise you won’t go to extremes and try to do everything yourself. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Rana arvalis](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Rana&where-species=arvalis) reminds you to stay within its range of range because this species can reach up to 25 feet within a mile (51 m) of its aquatic resting area. <br /><br />**2021-March-21, Scutum (July 18 - Sept 1)**: A work or financial problem will most likely resolve itself if it is left alone for a while. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Sclerophrys pentoni](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Sclerophrys&where-species=pentoni) hopes that by the middle of the rainy season, which he is talking about, he will be able to walk on water, because the water in the stomachs of these frogs contains nitrites, or less <br /><br />**2021-March-21, Hercules (Sept 2 - Oct 17)**: You have the power to change the world and you have the power to make others happy, but only if you are open to the idea of revolution. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Calyptocephalella gayi](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Calyptocephalella&where-species=gayi) dreams of being able to swim between feet and withstanding winds, and he has been looking at the potential for a new species, the Dendrobatid Hecatonid Allobates. <br /><br />**2021-March-21, Phoenix (Oct 18 - Dec 2)**: You may have to admit that you were wrong to act on a tip, but that’s okay. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Eleutherodactylus bartonsmithi](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Eleutherodactylus&where-species=bartonsmithi) urges you to follow his teachings (Heyer and Gascon 1995). <br /><br />**2021-March-21, Lepus (Dec 3 - Jan 17)**: Put your head down and get a fresh glass of water with someone you love, a friend or even a stranger. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Rhinophrynus dorsalis](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Rhinophrynus&where-species=dorsalis) dreams of becoming the first rainforest on Earth, especially in the northern parts of the rainforest, where the rainforest life is more numerous. <br /><br />**2021-March-21, Circinus (Jan 18 - Mar 4)**: You need to realize that not everyone sees things the same way as you and that not everyone will see the same way every time. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Ptychadena bibroni](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Ptychadena&where-species=bibroni) hopes that by eating insects and other small animals they will attain the upper hand at the expense of other species. <br /><br />**2021-March-21, Coma Berenices (Mar 5 - Apr 21)**: You won’t work up much enthusiasm for something today but if it means you miss out on something, it’s a sure sign you are doing something wrong and you must not let it. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Hemiphractus helioi](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Hemiphractus&where-species=helioi) warns that certain words and phrases may be misleading in this context. <br /><br />