---
layout: default
title: Wednesday March 17, 2021
date: 2021-03-17 08:00 -7:00
---

**2021-March-14, Volans (Apr 22 - June 1)**: It may be tempting to keep your nose to the grindstone and start something new this weekend but you know there is a good chance you will get burned. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Polypedates maculatus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Polypedates&where-species=maculatus) dreams of becoming one of the world's first professionally raised Free-Raised Frogs. <br /><br />**2021-March-14, Eridanus (June 2 - July 17)**: It may seem as if you have no choice in the matter but don’t let it get to you. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Ascaphus truei](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Ascaphus&where-species=truei) says:"In the valley I found Ascaphus variegatus hibernating in clusters 70-80 cm (Zweifel 1925). <br /><br />**2021-March-14, Scutum (July 18 - Sept 1)**: The more you try to change things up over the next few days the more complicated things you will have to be. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Nectophrynoides asperginis](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Nectophrynoides&where-species=asperginis) urges you to attend to the call of this species. <br /><br />**2021-March-14, Hercules (Sept 2 - Oct 17)**: Try not to get involved in petty disputes today because you are not the kind who like to be taken for a ride. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Telmatobufo bullocki](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Telmatobufo&where-species=bullocki) wishes to thank Herrmann, our ornithologist and curator at a University, who made use of an Inversodicra calling card during his fieldwork in northeastern Rh. <br /><br />**2021-March-14, Phoenix (Oct 18 - Dec 2)**: What happens today will bring a new sense of purpose and a new perspective to your everyday activities. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Noblella lochites](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Noblella&where-species=lochites) urges you to keep away from perches. This is probably because it is the better place to catch seething white eggs after the terrestrial eggs have hatched. This is also a common location for E. <br /><br />**2021-March-14, Lepus (Dec 3 - Jan 17)**: You will have to go through a lot of wrangling this weekend but by the end of the week you will be a lovable, and maybe a bit controversial, Lepus. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Pelodytes caucasicus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Pelodytes&where-species=caucasicus) warns that even if you are a typical Phytotelm fan, the frogs will stay in your households longer than they can possibly reproduce. <br /><br />**2021-March-14, Circinus (Jan 18 - Mar 4)**: If others can’t reach a compromise solution then you should be looking at ways you can sell them on. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Uperoleia marmorata](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Uperoleia&where-species=marmorata) hopes you will "reach into the heart of an enemy," in order to "confuse them once and for all." <br /><br />**2021-March-14, Coma Berenices (Mar 5 - Apr 21)**: If you have not done anything in a while you will do something in the next few days, but you must be realistic about how realistic it is. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Mantidactylus argenteus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Mantidactylus&where-species=argenteus) reminds you of light, sounds, and shadows. The visual motif is a relatively long succession of short notes, each repeated with a duration of 50-100 ms. <br /><br />