---
layout: default
title: Tuesday June 08, 2021
date: 2021-06-08 08:00 -7:00
---

**2021-June-06, Volans (Apr 22 - June 1)**: This may be a difficult time but there is no point trying to hurry it off of you. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Agalychnis annae](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Agalychnis&where-species=annae) predicts that the adults of each species are similar to those of sympatric species such as Agalychnis spurllus and Rana maculata (Scott 1991). <br /><br />**2021-June-06, Eridanus (June 2 - July 17)**: Don’t push yourself beyond your natural limits today because the planets warn you need to take into account the needs of partners, loved ones and work colleagues. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Xenopus lenduensis](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Xenopus&where-species=lenduensis) urges you to attend site huts for a full week or more. There is no evidence of any mating at annual intervals. Egg masses are attached to the underside of large rocks in fast current. <br /><br />**2021-June-06, Scutum (July 18 - Sept 1)**: Whatever happens over the next few days, be it good or be it bad, you will handle it with ease. You will come up with a solution quicker if you have done something yourself. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Peltophryne taladai](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Peltophryne&where-species=taladai) warns that wild-caught amplexus frogs may become ill after consumption of A. chareensis toxins. <br /><br />**2021-June-06, Hercules (Sept 2 - Oct 17)**: Although you may be tempted to criticize your current situation for being so much worse than before you will find that what you are being critical of is simply not worth the effort. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Dicamptodon ensatus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Dicamptodon&where-species=ensatus) says, "This species teaches long-distance travel through the streams. <br /><br />**2021-June-06, Phoenix (Oct 18 - Dec 2)**: It’s more than possible to have fun today but some people still go out of their way to force you to stay indoors. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Eleutherodactylus pezopetrus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Eleutherodactylus&where-species=pezopetrus) hopes the arboreal lifestyle of this species will lead to the preservation of the species. <br /><br />**2021-June-06, Lepus (Dec 3 - Jan 17)**: You must not rest on your laurels. You have so much to offer the world but you will also need to do something extra for yourself and financially too. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Myersiella microps](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Myersiella&where-species=microps) urges you to think more deeply about a species than has been previously known. <br /><br />**2021-June-06, Circinus (Jan 18 - Mar 4)**: You may find it hard to get along with people in positions of power but don’t let it get to you. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Geocrinia vitellina](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Geocrinia&where-species=vitellina) predicts that by the end of the rainy season at least 100 nests will be found in a ground nest, usually in a burrow. Tadpoles are found in burrows made in mud or rock. <br /><br />**2021-June-06, Coma Berenices (Mar 5 - Apr 21)**: Whatever else you do over the next few weeks, don’t push yourself beyond your natural limits, because the planets will make it easy for you to succeed. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Gephyromantis ambohitra](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Gephyromantis&where-species=ambohitra) urges you to observe the small streams that run through or eroding forest floor. They sit close to the forest floor, making it difficult for them to cross. <br /><br />