---
layout: default
title: Monday August 30, 2021
date: 2021-08-30 08:00 -7:00
---

**2021-August-29, Volans (Apr 22 - June 1)**: A romantic attachment will be important today. If you are not in the mood for one particular person then maybe you should let them see you differently this week. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Paracassina kounhiensis](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Paracassina&where-species=kounhiensis) urges you to stay away from large vegetation and most likely not to climb, either on land or in the water. If you do, however, you must pass a aquatic test. <br /><br />**2021-August-29, Eridanus (June 2 - July 17)**: You may feel like an old friend, or old enemy, but you don’t have to give up your old friendship for a friend or ally. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Rana draytonii](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Rana&where-species=draytonii) hopes that by August of the latest, you will be able to move with the animals, but requires that R. draytonii join with others in a habitat. <br /><br />**2021-August-29, Scutum (July 18 - Sept 1)**: If you find yourself thinking of ways to boost your income over the next few days don’t just sit there and wait for others to do it for you. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Discoglossus galganoi](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Discoglossus&where-species=galganoi) hopes that you will become more adventurous and follow the display of its brightly colored beaks, which are fan-like mites. <br /><br />**2021-August-29, Hercules (Sept 2 - Oct 17)**: Don’t take on extra work and worry about money issues over the next few days because you will regret it if you do. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Oophaga histrionica](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Oophaga&where-species=histrionica) says, "This species communicates through a single vocal call, which the listener can receive both at home and at work. <br /><br />**2021-August-29, Phoenix (Oct 18 - Dec 2)**: If you make an effort over the next 48 hours you will achieve something that will benefit you to no end. Life is a learning experience and it is more fun when you are with a friend. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Bradytriton silus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Bradytriton&where-species=silus) predicts the following life history features about the salamander: (1) spotting, (2) peak height, (3) body size, and (4) movement rate. <br /><br />**2021-August-29, Lepus (Dec 3 - Jan 17)**: You may be a bit too grand for your own good at times but if life is what you have to live with now is the time to make friends with like-minded people. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Platypelis milloti](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Platypelis&where-species=milloti) says it is impossible to teach Platypelis to have psychic activities. <br /><br />**2021-August-29, Circinus (Jan 18 - Mar 4)**: This is nothing new – the first person you meet will transform your life. But you seem to be having second thoughts about everything that happens in your life. Maybe you should take advice from them. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Neobatrachus albipes](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Neobatrachus&where-species=albipes) warns that the frogs are facultative eaters, consuming a variety of invertebrates (males are also assumed to have a food defense mechanism against invaders). <br /><br />**2021-August-29, Coma Berenices (Mar 5 - Apr 21)**: You are so close to success where everything is going right that you can see you could make a million dollars from it. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Boophis lilianae](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Boophis&where-species=lilianae) dreams of a world without borders. <br /><br />