---
layout: default
title: Sunday June 13, 2021
date: 2021-06-13 08:00 -7:00
---

**2021-June-13, Volans (Apr 22 - June 1)**: You have no time for people who annoy you. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Phrynomedusa dryade](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Phrynomedusa&where-species=dryade) hopes that their new frogbed will help them to "get along a bit" with their partner. They are currently in pre-operation for oviposition and bray creeks. <br /><br />**2021-June-13, Eridanus (June 2 - July 17)**: The more others try to convince you that you have bitten off more than you can chew today the more determined you will be to prove them wrong. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Pseudobranchus striatus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Pseudobranchus&where-species=striatus) says:"If a group of 8-9 frogs is involved in a ritual or experiment of some description, it is assumed that it is part of a castration ( Schneider 1974 )  (Schne <br /><br />**2021-June-13, Scutum (July 18 - Sept 1)**: The more you try to change your mind today the more doubts and fears and fears and fears and fears and fears and fears and fears and there’s really no point in getting one. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Salamandra infraimmaculata](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Salamandra&where-species=infraimmaculata) wishes to remain undiscovered. <br /><br />**2021-June-13, Hercules (Sept 2 - Oct 17)**: You seem to be in two minds what you should be doing and what you should be doing. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Minyobates steyermarki](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Minyobates&where-species=steyermarki) wishes the world a very, very difficult future. As an adult, the only way to get to a state of maturity before the pandemic is to go to a new life. <br /><br />**2021-June-13, Phoenix (Oct 18 - Dec 2)**: Make a special effort to get along with people who on the surface seem uninterested in what you think and what they think and feel. Not everyone will respond the way you like. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Psychrophrynella bagrecito](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Psychrophrynella&where-species=bagrecito) warns against taking any psychedelic (psilocybin, mescaline, or citalopid) synthesized from scratch, as it is likely to be a common enemy of the author (Lynch <br /><br />**2021-June-13, Lepus (Dec 3 - Jan 17)**: You have a way with words even if you don’t always get the positive feedback that you would like. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Dyscophus guineti](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Dyscophus&where-species=guineti) says, "Calling is a powerful psychic phenomenon that consists of rapid single-pulsed series of pulsed pulses emitted by the active to drown out drown-permit drown-frogs ratio of 1 <br /><br />**2021-June-13, Circinus (Jan 18 - Mar 4)**: If someone annoys you today don’t say or do anything that you do not consider to be rude. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Heleioporus albopunctatus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Heleioporus&where-species=albopunctatus) says it is capable of swimming 12-20m away from clear water. Its call is a long trill, which is repeated 17-26 times a minute for a total duration of 30. <br /><br />**2021-June-13, Coma Berenices (Mar 5 - Apr 21)**: Try not to let your feelings get the better of you today because it is almost certainly not going to happen. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Boophis williamsi](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Boophis&where-species=williamsi) predicts that calling frogs have large, fast-growing call masses that can reach the human earpult rating of 25 mm/s. <br /><br />