---
layout: default
title: Sunday May 23, 2021
date: 2021-05-23 08:00 -7:00
---

**2021-May-23, Volans (Apr 22 - June 1)**: There is only so much you can do, but if you want to leave a lasting impression you won’t make much progress until the Sun moves in your favor on the 23rd. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Plectrohyla dasypus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Plectrohyla&where-species=dasypus) predicts that perspiration in tadpoles is important in their defense against desiccation. In other species, tadpoles are shown to use a gelatinous diet during the dry period. <br /><br />**2021-May-23, Eridanus (June 2 - July 17)**: Some people may be difficult for you to get along with but that’s okay. It may be because you have been in one place too long and need to return to the same old ways. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Bombina variegata](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Bombina&where-species=variegata) urges you to visualize its taste buds. They are sensitive to light and can respond to mixtures of UVB and UVB radiation (Navarro 1988). <br /><br />**2021-May-23, Scutum (July 18 - Sept 1)**: You have no time for gossip, focus on your goals. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Sclerophrys taiensis](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Sclerophrys&where-species=taiensis) warns that the species is very slow. They also warns that in cold and rainy weather, a single head can measure ten times its length in a row. <br /><br />**2021-May-23, Hercules (Sept 2 - Oct 17)**: Why are you worrying so much? Whatever the reason may be you must not let your fears get the better of you. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Anhydrophryne ngongoniensis](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Anhydrophryne&where-species=ngongoniensis) says, "There are two groups of this species: territorial and preventive. <br /><br />**2021-May-23, Phoenix (Oct 18 - Dec 2)**: Your logic circuits will be amazingly clear over the next 24 hours. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Desmognathus welteri](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Desmognathus&where-species=welteri) warns against taking any species for a walk on rainy nights. <br /><br />**2021-May-23, Lepus (Dec 3 - Jan 17)**: If you're not feeling on top of the world right at this moment don’t let others tell you that your efforts are somehow less appreciated. You can succeed if you trust your instincts. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Cophixalus desticans](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Cophixalus&where-species=desticans) urges you to avoid extremes, especially between 0.5 and 1 m and between 50 and 150 cm (Ferguson 1904). <br /><br />**2021-May-23, Circinus (Jan 18 - Mar 4)**: If you take on too much today you may regret it later on when you realize you did what you said and did not know what you were doing. But you have no choice. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Crinia glauerti](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Crinia&where-species=glauerti) reminds you to stay in contact with water sources that are emergent or well-studied. <br /><br />**2021-May-23, Coma Berenices (Mar 5 - Apr 21)**: You may be eager to try new things but don’t get so eager that you will forget all about them. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Gephyromantis plicifer](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Gephyromantis&where-species=plicifer) reminds you of ants and bugs and that one leaf is an example of leaf litter. <br /><br />