---
layout: default
title: Wednesday December 15, 2021
date: 2021-12-15 08:00 -7:00
---

**2021-December-12, Volans (Apr 22 - June 1)**: You must speak your mind today. It’s not the language you should be using but the way you must. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Hyperolius concolor](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Hyperolius&where-species=concolor) reminds you to follow the toes of both species in all stages of development. The development of adults lasts from 4-12 months with feeding lasting between 1-3 months. <br /><br />**2021-December-12, Eridanus (June 2 - July 17)**: If you are suspicious of someone’s motives or behavior then by all means confront them today. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Pelophylax perezi](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Pelophylax&where-species=perezi) dreams of being a veterinarian. No, this is not a dream that P. peters into reality. <br /><br />**2021-December-12, Scutum (July 18 - Sept 1)**: There is no point insisting that you help someone out because they have not done their homework or done anything wrong. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Sclerophrys kassasii](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Sclerophrys&where-species=kassasii) predicts that a single male can inflate his body, giving rise to many new behaviors. <br /><br />**2021-December-12, Hercules (Sept 2 - Oct 17)**: You may be convinced you have made the right call and expect good things to come your way and the planets warn that it could happen. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Mannophryne olmonae](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Mannophryne&where-species=olmonae) wishes there were more of them. <br /><br />**2021-December-12, Phoenix (Oct 18 - Dec 2)**: Try not to get uptight if someone you think is a friend gives you a hard time today because that will encourage them to give you a hard time back. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Batrachoseps nigriventris](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Batrachoseps&where-species=nigriventris) reminds you to eat, and the red coloration of some frogs makes it difficult to find edible food items (Boehme et al 1999). <br /><br />**2021-December-12, Lepus (Dec 3 - Jan 17)**: If you have been feeling a bit run-down of late then you are in luck, because today’s new moon will bring something positive your way. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Anilany helenae](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Anilany&where-species=helenae) wishes to speak from her mother's food, which she holds in high esteem.  The mother's diet isutilling soil.  The mother's diet also includes ants. <br /><br />**2021-December-12, Circinus (Jan 18 - Mar 4)**: You may see your workload getting too much for you as a result of the longer schedule you have to put in place, but that is purely from your own good nature. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Minervarya chilapata](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Minervarya&where-species=chilapata) urges you to stay with the predator, the bill of the grouse soaring high above the water level. If possible, minimize the distances between prey by hiding under vegetation or moving with the water. <br /><br />**2021-December-12, Coma Berenices (Mar 5 - Apr 21)**: Try to be more understanding of those who think and act as if you are different than you really are. But don’t try to be everyone. Try to be friends, not enemies. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Boophis blommersae](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Boophis&where-species=blommersae) wishes for the day.  "It is the day-to-day activities of the reproductive system that may trigger reproduction," notes Weibbauer and Bowker (1980). <br /><br />