---
layout: default
title: Thursday December 23, 2021
date: 2021-12-23 08:00 -7:00
---

**2021-December-19, Volans (Apr 22 - June 1)**: Don’t let your rivals make all the decisions, especially where money matters are concerned. The Sun’s influence will help you choose the right people to help you make the right decisions. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Hyperolius occidentalis](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Hyperolius&where-species=occidentalis) reminds you to use the lowest frequency available. Use of the lowest frequency is approximately 1.6 kHz, 3.4 kHz, and 4.6 kHz respectively (Hoffman 2011). <br /><br />**2021-December-19, Eridanus (June 2 - July 17)**: You may be tempted to play fast and loose with what you want to do today but the planets warn that will not be enough. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Pelophylax esculentus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Pelophylax&where-species=esculentus) warns against swimming in bodies of stream water that is now desolated or reached for by river banks, as they may harbor poison glands (Neill 1963). <br /><br />**2021-December-19, Scutum (July 18 - Sept 1)**: Someone will offer you something for nothing today but you won’t be unhappy about it. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Capensibufo rosei](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Capensibufo&where-species=rosei) urges you to stay within its territorial range, as thats where the higher species call, but it warns you could rhyme with, and fall prey to, scatophores. <br /><br />**2021-December-19, Hercules (Sept 2 - Oct 17)**: You may have to admit that you have been a bit too generous of late, but now that the Sun is moving in your favor again you won’t look back and worry that you will end. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Ranitomeya variabilis](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Ranitomeya&where-species=variabilis) urges you to avoid confrontation between newts (Summers and Williamson 1979). <br /><br />**2021-December-19, Phoenix (Oct 18 - Dec 2)**: In the coming days you will come up with some clever ideas to help partners and loved ones overcome their problems. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Bolitoglossa sooyorum](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Bolitoglossa&where-species=sooyorum) reminds you to eat , and also to keep a log of , since it is very abundant in some caves.  Diet of this species is nocturnal. <br /><br />**2021-December-19, Lepus (Dec 3 - Jan 17)**: No matter how many times you have failed in the past you will succeed over the next few days. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Austrochaperina pluvialis](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Austrochaperina&where-species=pluvialis) wishes to emphasize the physical attributes of the animal: its long hindlegs being numerous, its powerful tusks strong, and its heavily keratinized lower limbs having an unusual rate of development. <br /><br />**2021-December-19, Circinus (Jan 18 - Mar 4)**: If you want to make a name for yourself and prove to the world that you have what it takes you will have to go back and do it all over again. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Uperoleia glandulosa](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Uperoleia&where-species=glandulosa) dreams of being in contact with waters large and small. <br /><br />**2021-December-19, Coma Berenices (Mar 5 - Apr 21)**: The harder you try not to get uptight about certain topics the more it will annoy you, especially if certain people get the idea that you need their help. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Gephyromantis tandroka](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Gephyromantis&where-species=tandroka) warns that calling males may be from a protected bat population, but since only small males are known, population sizes may vary considerably between different calling sites. <br /><br />