---
layout: default
title: Monday May 31, 2021
date: 2021-05-31 08:00 -7:00
---

**2021-May-30, Volans (Apr 22 - June 1)**: You are feeling pretty good about yourself right now and that is awesome. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Heterixalus betsileo](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Heterixalus&where-species=betsileo) warns that H. ombresseii may exhibit behavior patterns that differ from those of C. obstetricius . It also notes that some individuals are more territorial than others. <br /><br />**2021-May-30, Eridanus (June 2 - July 17)**: If you need to make changes to your lifestyle you might ask for help. Friends and colleagues will assist you no matter what you might choose to do. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Rana vaillanti](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Rana&where-species=vaillanti) reminds you to keep very small amounts of water below ground in large retreats of waterfalls. Some ponds are full of small tadpoles, but most of them are adults. <br /><br />**2021-May-30, Scutum (July 18 - Sept 1)**: The upcoming week is about more than just enjoying the good things in life. To make the most of it you will need to do some serious self-analysis. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Rhinella amabilis](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Rhinella&where-species=amabilis) dreams daily. <br /><br />**2021-May-30, Hercules (Sept 2 - Oct 17)**: You need to ask someone important for their input into your daily affairs. The only way you are going to do that is to let them know that you need assistance. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Ameerega petersi](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Ameerega&where-species=petersi) hopes that by calling, he or she will be able to create a shelter system of his or her own between now and the end <br /><br />**2021-May-30, Phoenix (Oct 18 - Dec 2)**: You don’t need to take a gamble. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Pristimantis truebae](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Pristimantis&where-species=truebae) reminds you to stay under water or rocks during the day and forage on the forest floor. <br /><br />**2021-May-30, Lepus (Dec 3 - Jan 17)**: You are at your best when dealing with people who share your values and ideals. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Austrochaperina fryi](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Austrochaperina&where-species=fryi) wishes they were just like us, and we are sure to discover the fact that they are like most other frogs. Like most amphibians. <br /><br />**2021-May-30, Circinus (Jan 18 - Mar 4)**: The Sun’s change of signs tomorrow means you are free to go wherever you want now and over the next few days and that’s good because you have to. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Edalorhina nasuta](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Edalorhina&where-species=nasuta) says it is able to adapt to the natural salamanders habitats. It can adapt from nest to nest, up to 100 m away from the water's edge. <br /><br />**2021-May-30, Coma Berenices (Mar 5 - Apr 21)**: You may have to postpone a financial opportunity that you were looking forward to but there is no need to hurry it along. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Gephyromantis luteus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Gephyromantis&where-species=luteus) wishes to emphasize the yelping note of other frogs. <br /><br />