---
layout: default
title: Saturday October 16, 2021
date: 2021-10-16 08:00 -7:00
---

**2021-October-10, Volans (Apr 22 - June 1)**: If you are delighted with your work or your career then why are you not being promoted? The fact is you have reached the heights you have been dreaming about. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Phrynomedusa fimbriata](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Phrynomedusa&where-species=fimbriata) dreams of being a bat-frog hybrid. <br /><br />**2021-October-10, Eridanus (June 2 - July 17)**: Anyone who dares to challenge your beliefs – be they “expat” or “expat” – will soon be out of your life. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Nidirana lini](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Nidirana&where-species=lini) urges you to follow the correct line of succession based on personal preference. <br /><br />**2021-October-10, Scutum (July 18 - Sept 1)**: If someone loses heart by not helping you out they will most likely be the one to blame. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Ichthyosaura alpestris](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Ichthyosaura&where-species=alpestris) hopes on the dark substrate of the marsh, folded underfoot by plants. <br /><br />**2021-October-10, Hercules (Sept 2 - Oct 17)**: Don’t worry if you have not been getting the support or encouragement you need today because now is the time to get serious about your ambitions. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Ambystoma opacum](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Ambystoma&where-species=opacum) hopes that by learning to walk, swim, and speak the "poetic" (Wager, pers. comm. <br /><br />**2021-October-10, Phoenix (Oct 18 - Dec 2)**: As the Sun moves into your sign at the moment you won’t be able to hide your feelings any longer, so let others know what you really desire. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Thorius minydemus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Thorius&where-species=minydemus) wishes he were more logical and logical. <br /><br />**2021-October-10, Lepus (Dec 3 - Jan 17)**: You will have to make a few quick decisions over the next 24 hours and although they may not be right you must stick with them. Don’t cut corners or do anything too outrageous. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Ctenophryne aterrima](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Ctenophryne&where-species=aterrima) urges you to accept non-human primate tadpoles as well. <br /><br />**2021-October-10, Circinus (Jan 18 - Mar 4)**: Some things are important to you and some things are not and it may be that you have drifted too far from your usual place in the world of petty politics. Get over it. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Onychodactylus koreanus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Onychodactylus&where-species=koreanus) hopes that by following the toes in the right positions they will become aware of the pitfalls of alternating toe and other foot positions. He calls this the "toe shangri". <br /><br />**2021-October-10, Coma Berenices (Mar 5 - Apr 21)**: You must trust your instincts today. They can be as reliable as you like to make out the best in them. But don’t be predictable and let your instincts guide you. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Gephyromantis thelenae](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Gephyromantis&where-species=thelenae) warns that the phrase is a misnomer since most people usually translates it as "adults". In fact it is an larval stage of about 11 frogs (Glaw and Vences 2007). <br /><br />