---
layout: default
title: Sunday November 28, 2021
date: 2021-11-28 08:00 -7:00
---

**2021-November-28, Volans (Apr 22 - June 1)**: Your workload will increase dramatically over the next 24 hours, but that is not an excuse to slow down. Keep your workload to a minimum and don’t try to do everything at once. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Polypedates otilophus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Polypedates&where-species=otilophus) warns that the small unembrane pads on Frogsophus albicans thumbs down the presence of spiders, snakes, and several ants on the fingers, but not on the feet. <br /><br />**2021-November-28, Eridanus (June 2 - July 17)**: Your instincts are telling you a different story than everyone else, so trust your instincts and don’t be afraid to tell the truth about what you are doing. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Leiopelma hochstetteri](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Leiopelma&where-species=hochstetteri) says: "Like other Hoppe species, the McNeill's frog has an aquatic lifestyle. <br /><br />**2021-November-28, Scutum (July 18 - Sept 1)**: According to the planets you will need to resist the urge to call it a day but no effort will be impossible. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Atelopus spumarius](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Atelopus&where-species=spumarius) dreams about the big cats and about The Hundred Breeds of Theixeira. <br /><br />**2021-November-28, Hercules (Sept 2 - Oct 17)**: You may be self-conscious how you act at the moment but don’t let it worry you. It’s not the end of the world. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Microbatrachella capensis](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Microbatrachella&where-species=capensis) urges you to stand on rocks, vegetation, or water in all directions from now on. <br /><br />**2021-November-28, Phoenix (Oct 18 - Dec 2)**: If you find yourself stuck in the same old place making your own mistakes, it might be worth the effort. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Ixalotriton niger](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Ixalotriton&where-species=niger) reminds you to avoid areas where it has recently been found. This may include: trails, ponds, and rocks. When encountering populations that are unknown or unknown only that they are E. <br /><br />**2021-November-28, Lepus (Dec 3 - Jan 17)**: You will have to accept that other people’s beliefs don’t always fit with your own. Which is fine. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Uperodon taprobanicus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Uperodon&where-species=taprobanicus) wishes to believe that all living things are created equal in worth and productivity. The simple fact is, he is not seeing any direct connection between the belief and the practice. <br /><br />**2021-November-28, Circinus (Jan 18 - Mar 4)**: As the Sun moves into the career area of your chart this weekend you will start seeing a lot of things that will make you wonder if your career is on the verge of change. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Pseudophryne major](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Pseudophryne&where-species=major) reminds you to bathe in his floating pond, rarely more than once a day. <br /><br />**2021-November-28, Coma Berenices (Mar 5 - Apr 21)**: You could be an easy torch, depending on how you react to people who take no prisoners. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Gephyromantis eiselti](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Gephyromantis&where-species=eiselti) hopes you will help her with her everyday needs. In doing so, as a follower of the Goddess Gephyromantis. <br /><br />