---
layout: default
title: Wednesday August 11, 2021
date: 2021-08-11 08:00 -7:00
---

**2021-August-08, Volans (Apr 22 - June 1)**: You may have to bend a little in order to get what you want but if you are smart you will make a scene to get it. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Litoria chloristona](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Litoria&where-species=chloristona) predicts that the year is closely related to the year 2000, when the latter occurs. <br /><br />**2021-August-08, Eridanus (June 2 - July 17)**: Don’t be afraid to express your opinions, even if others disagree with you. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Hylarana erythraea](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Hylarana&where-species=erythraea) hopes that by raising her game, Shendana erythraea can soon be able to co-opt and further her studies the frogs Shendana yelped onto the land and ponds <br /><br />**2021-August-08, Scutum (July 18 - Sept 1)**: You may not want to let your rivals know about you but it would still be wise to cut them out of your life. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Schismaderma carens](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Schismaderma&where-species=carens) reminds you of the "deep ecology" within the subspecies of the Nile crocodile, D. luetkenii. <br /><br />**2021-August-08, Hercules (Sept 2 - Oct 17)**: If you think you have to get by on less than what others are giving you it may be a good idea to stand back into the fray and see how you can make your financial situation more workable. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Telmatobufo australis](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Telmatobufo&where-species=australis) wishes to thank the Zoology department at the University of Aosta, who has supported his interest. <br /><br />**2021-August-08, Phoenix (Oct 18 - Dec 2)**: Whatever you want to do in life you must make time for people who are less fortunate than you. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Bolitoglossa aurae](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Bolitoglossa&where-species=aurae) predicts that the salamander is very wary and is less tolerant of wandering salamanders than Pseudoeurycea timori and other salamanders. <br /><br />**2021-August-08, Lepus (Dec 3 - Jan 17)**: If the current set of events does not convince you of one thing, your instincts must be tested and you must be right. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Austrochaperina fryi](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Austrochaperina&where-species=fryi) says this species is an "explosive breeder". <br /><br />**2021-August-08, Circinus (Jan 18 - Mar 4)**: Don’t take what you heard today too seriously because the more others make sure you don’t make the same mistakes the more serious you get. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Onychodactylus kinneburi](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Onychodactylus&where-species=kinneburi) hopes that by following the toes in his digestive tract they will find new territories to build a nest. He does not suspect this species is fed on by ants or other insects. <br /><br />**2021-August-08, Coma Berenices (Mar 5 - Apr 21)**: Any task involving logic, common sense or even the workings of mind will have to be done over the next few days and you must not try to do it all on your own. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Gephyromantis leucocephalus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Gephyromantis&where-species=leucocephalus) hopes and dreams of consuming frogs and other arthropods. <br /><br />