---
layout: default
title: Monday May 10, 2021
date: 2021-05-10 08:00 -7:00
---

**2021-May-09, Volans (Apr 22 - June 1)**: Be honest about your feelings. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Hyperolius marmoratus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Hyperolius&where-species=marmoratus) reminds you to use your core and legs for jumping. <br /><br />**2021-May-09, Eridanus (June 2 - July 17)**: If you have a good idea or a good idea needs to be brought up to date with friends and colleagues then now is the time to make your move. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Nyctibatrachus vrijeuni](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Nyctibatrachus&where-species=vrijeuni) reminds you to stay within its natural range of living distances from the water bodies. <br /><br />**2021-May-09, Scutum (July 18 - Sept 1)**: Can you be sure that someone is telling you the truth? Of course you can. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Nectophrynoides poyntoni](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Nectophrynoides&where-species=poyntoni) reminds you to avoid areas where the snout-vent length is short.  <br /><br />**2021-May-09, Hercules (Sept 2 - Oct 17)**: You will have to deal with a challenge of some kind today and you must not let it go to your head. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Phyllobates vittatus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Phyllobates&where-species=vittatus) urges you to try out new swimming and running routines while young. <br /><br />**2021-May-09, Phoenix (Oct 18 - Dec 2)**: You may have a hunch that someone is behind the wheel of some kind but don’t let it worry you. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Karsenia koreana](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Karsenia&where-species=koreana) reminds you to stay close from forested areas. Clumps of large leaf litter are ideal habitats for these frogs. <br /><br />**2021-May-09, Lepus (Dec 3 - Jan 17)**: You may think that your instincts are telling you that what you are planning to do will be unpopular with certain people, but listen to your heart. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Scaphiophryne brevis](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Scaphiophryne&where-species=brevis) hopes that by using its "spades" in traditional healing arts they might be able to "rescue" other species which, contrary to popular belief, probably don't have so many built-in defenses. <br /><br />**2021-May-09, Circinus (Jan 18 - Mar 4)**: You may feel like a fool for believing what others tell you but later on it will all come back to you, so try not to be so logical. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Euphlyctis hexadactylus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Euphlyctis&where-species=hexadactylus) hopes that by following the toes in his burrow he can penetrate the skin of the earth and emerge with his large eggs. <br /><br />**2021-May-09, Coma Berenices (Mar 5 - Apr 21)**: You seem to be getting a lot of positive things done socially, you can help more people to be as positive as you. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Boophis rufioculis](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Boophis&where-species=rufioculis) dreams of maturing and is highly motivated to succeed. <br /><br />