---
layout: default
title: Saturday February 06, 2021
date: 2021-02-06 08:00 -7:00
---

**2021-January-31, Volans (Apr 22 - June 1)**: As Venus, planet of affection, moves into the relationship area of your chart today you won’t be satisfied with superficial answers. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Hyperolius inornatus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Hyperolius&where-species=inornatus) dreams of becoming a natural predator of this species. <br /><br />**2021-January-31, Eridanus (June 2 - July 17)**: There will be a lot of work and hardship ahead of you as the new week begins, but things don’t start coming easy to you, so start slow and make sure you are ready for Your amphibian spiritual guide [Hylodes heyeri](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Hylodes&where-species=heyeri) warns that different species of Rhyacotriton often lack the same circulatory systems. Overall, the call of male toggling males is rather irregular and breaks during the mating season. <br /><br />**2021-January-31, Scutum (July 18 - Sept 1)**: If there is something you have been wanting to say but for one reason or another never going to get done, now is the time to let it go. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Ansonia smeagol](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Ansonia&where-species=smeagol) urges you to stop trying to feed your froglets poisonous food and instead enhance its ability to absorb it (Sullivan 1996). <br /><br />**2021-January-31, Hercules (Sept 2 - Oct 17)**: You may be anxious about a financial matter but there is no need to worry because you will be back to your best in no time. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Ambystoma laterale](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Ambystoma&where-species=laterale) wishes that she could teach her salamanders the art of swimming. She could, she could, but she couldn't because she couldn't care for the eggs. <br /><br />**2021-January-31, Phoenix (Oct 18 - Dec 2)**: If you expect the best today you could be disappointed, even if it comes at your expense. You probably won’t get the best for yourself come the weekend, so make allowances. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Ixalotriton niger](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Ixalotriton&where-species=niger) says eating this species now is the best time to introduce it into your territory. <br /><br />**2021-January-31, Lepus (Dec 3 - Jan 17)**: You may be tempted to argue with someone who is being unfair but it’s unlikely they are being unfair to you. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Austrochaperina guttata](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Austrochaperina&where-species=guttata) predicts that diet will consist primarily of ants and spiders   <br /><br />**2021-January-31, Circinus (Jan 18 - Mar 4)**: Do something today that takes the world by surprise – something that will make you smile again. Don’t deny yourself the satisfaction because you want it badly enough. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Fejervarya cancrivora](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Fejervarya&where-species=cancrivora) urges you to join a group of four similar little frogs (tadpoles V. and I. frogs) that is 25-50 m away from each other at the water's edge. <br /><br />**2021-January-31, Coma Berenices (Mar 5 - Apr 21)**: You must set your sights high this weekend. No matter how much other people may try to persuade you to join in the glee you feel it is in your interests to do so. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Spinomantis brunae](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Spinomantis&where-species=brunae) reminds you of water. <br /><br />