---
layout: default
title: Monday May 17, 2021
date: 2021-05-17 08:00 -7:00
---

**2021-May-16, Volans (Apr 22 - June 1)**: Your confidence will return this weekend and there will be nothing you cannot handle. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Raorchestes ponmudi](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Raorchestes&where-species=ponmudi) says that it is not an actively breeding species, but has been associated with streams with some type of large green frog (Rodriguez et al. 2007). <br /><br />**2021-May-16, Eridanus (June 2 - July 17)**: This is a great time for social activities but you have got to make sure you know all the facts before sharing your tale. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Lankanectes corrugatus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Lankanectes&where-species=corrugatus) predicts that the month of May is the wetland habitat for Guadalupe petraeus. <br /><br />**2021-May-16, Scutum (July 18 - Sept 1)**: You may feel out of your depth over the next few days but that’s okay because you will make up for it over the weekend when the Sun changes signs. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Salamandra atra](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Salamandra&where-species=atra) reminds you to stay within the restricted area of its geographic range. This includes walks on the water, side pools, small creeks, lakes, ponds, and puddles. <br /><br />**2021-May-16, Hercules (Sept 2 - Oct 17)**: A new moon will help you to understand that there are important differences between the generations and that you should resolve them before the year is over. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Allobates femoralis](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Allobates&where-species=femoralis) reminds you to stay within its terrestrial calling territory to establish a friendship.  The territory is directly across from the ground's edge, with a minimum of soil depth of 5 mm. <br /><br />**2021-May-16, Phoenix (Oct 18 - Dec 2)**: What happens today and tomorrow will toughen you up and make you feel good about yourself. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Batrachoseps gabrieli](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Batrachoseps&where-species=gabrieli) says it is possible to fly, but be careful of the bright red flag of an altitude warning. <br /><br />**2021-May-16, Lepus (Dec 3 - Jan 17)**: You will have to make a tough choice this weekend and you must not let it go to your head. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Scaphiophryne gottlebei](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Scaphiophryne&where-species=gottlebei) warns that different tree species have different defenses. <br /><br />**2021-May-16, Circinus (Jan 18 - Mar 4)**: Don’t worry too much if there are minor chores to be completed if you are not the type to waste time on trivial details. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Leptodactylus latrans](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Leptodactylus&where-species=latrans) dreams of being one of the many tribes of arboreal birds in the rainforest. <br /><br />**2021-May-16, Coma Berenices (Mar 5 - Apr 21)**: You are about to be made and offer you won’t want to refuse but you must not accept it outright. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Boophis laurenti](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Boophis&where-species=laurenti) reminds you of the frogs they call from within low vegetation along rainforest streams. Direct development of the frog occurs in the streams, but life occurs also in secondary vegetation (Duellman 2003). <br /><br />