---
layout: default
title: Sunday April 25, 2021
date: 2021-04-25 08:00 -7:00
---

**2021-April-25, Volans (Apr 22 - June 1)**: Someone is clearly determined to see that you live up to your expectations but they are not as stubborn as you may appear to believe. The best version of reality is the one you enjoy. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Hyperolius viridigulosus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Hyperolius&where-species=viridigulosus) predicts that individuals of this species will stay with a rigid behavioral pattern throughout development. <br /><br />**2021-April-25, Eridanus (June 2 - July 17)**: Now that Mars is moving through your opposite sign of Eridanus you will have to decide if it is worth getting worked up about. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Sylvirana faber](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Sylvirana&where-species=faber) wishes the best of frogs, but they are clearly more at home in the colonies of menageries than in the vast majority of amphibians. <br /><br />**2021-April-25, Scutum (July 18 - Sept 1)**: No matter how many things you are working on there is a chance the changes you are making will benefit you in some way, so be patient. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Brachycephalus ephippium](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Brachycephalus&where-species=ephippium) wishes to remind you to be wary ofthe poisonous snakes around the time of hatching. These snakes are stable at the higher elevations and appear to be following the trail of least resistance. <br /><br />**2021-April-25, Hercules (Sept 2 - Oct 17)**: The more you reveal your private plans the more others will seek them out. Say what you have to say and say it loud. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Andinobates daleswansoni](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Andinobates&where-species=daleswansoni) reminds you to keep an eye on water bodies and not to try to swim every so often. If you splash out of a large white marble pool, it will become impassable. <br /><br />**2021-April-25, Phoenix (Oct 18 - Dec 2)**: Today’s Sun-Jupiter link makes you extremely active by nature, and you will be hugely adventurous over the coming week. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Pseudotriton ruber](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Pseudotriton&where-species=ruber) hopes you will become familiar with the species and its habitat. You will also discover new ways to protect your internal organs. For instance, you can greatly reduce the occurrence of salamanders' tooth decay. <br /><br />**2021-April-25, Lepus (Dec 3 - Jan 17)**: What you think will most impress you this week will most impress other people, so don’t worry what others might think about it. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Uperodon taprobanicus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Uperodon&where-species=taprobanicus) urges you to believe in it, even if you do not live to see the actuality. "Faith" is often given to man, but it is rarely given to frogs. Some F. <br /><br />**2021-April-25, Circinus (Jan 18 - Mar 4)**: If you are the kind of Circinus who likes to take center stage it’s unlikely you will be in the right to take things easy today. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Crinia pseudinsignifera](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Crinia&where-species=pseudinsignifera) hopes you will take an interest in the unique habitat conditions of the frogs at large. They are part of a wider Abaciningeri group that houses Taudactylus eungellensis. <br /><br />**2021-April-25, Coma Berenices (Mar 5 - Apr 21)**: You will need to use all your powers of persuasion over the next few days to get past a hostility that has been a long time part of your nature. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Gastrotheca nebulanastes](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Gastrotheca&where-species=nebulanastes) dreams of being a cricket-hunting animal. <br /><br />