---
layout: default
title: Sunday March 28, 2021
date: 2021-03-28 08:00 -7:00
---

**2021-March-28, Volans (Apr 22 - June 1)**: You may be a bit too stubborn for your own good today but don’t push it too far. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Hyperolius bobirensis](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Hyperolius&where-species=bobirensis) urges you to attend to the natural history of a species during the breeding season (Richards et al. 1993). <br /><br />**2021-March-28, Eridanus (June 2 - July 17)**: Sometimes you have to keep a distance on something that is not your priority. Don’t be that person. This is not an excuse to slack off and to talk without saying anything. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Rana temporaria](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Rana&where-species=temporaria) hopes that by mid-summer they will be able to move from one community to another, and this will free them up foraging grounds. <br /><br />**2021-March-28, Scutum (July 18 - Sept 1)**: What you allow yourself to think and what you allow others to think and what you allow yourself to see and the results are both beautiful and positive. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Cynops fudingensis](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Cynops&where-species=fudingensis) says: "Its species would prefer to be known as tireless."  <br /><br />**2021-March-28, Hercules (Sept 2 - Oct 17)**: If you need to say something important today don’t forget you’ve had a loved one’s emotional reaction to you in recent weeks. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Pyxicephalus adspersus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Pyxicephalus&where-species=adspersus) urges you to eat plant matter only if it is available in potential competitor areas. <br /><br />**2021-March-28, Phoenix (Oct 18 - Dec 2)**: You are not the sort to focus on trivia and that’s no bad thing as you will come into your own very soon. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Oedipina grandis](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Oedipina&where-species=grandis) predicts that people possess high levels of visceral prevomerosis, a condition in which the olfactory tubercle is poorly characterized and the reticulation of the reticulum contracts. <br /><br />**2021-March-28, Lepus (Dec 3 - Jan 17)**: Make sure you learn from people who have made the same mistakes you have made. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Nasikabatrachus sahyadrensis](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Nasikabatrachus&where-species=sahyadrensis) says, "Its calls are very similar to those of other spadefoots, most likely due to its deeper, broader coloration and possibly more explosive frog infatuation with water than other spadefoots." <br /><br />**2021-March-28, Circinus (Jan 18 - Mar 4)**: If you don’t have a clear idea of what you want to accomplish then you don’t have the time or the inclination to make the kind of bold decisions that turn heads, but Your amphibian spiritual guide [Mixophyes iteratus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Mixophyes&where-species=iteratus) wishes the forest floor was not toosullylly. The ants prefer to spend their days under leaf litter and other debris in areas they find unpaved. <br /><br />**2021-March-28, Coma Berenices (Mar 5 - Apr 21)**: You will do something out of the ordinary over the next 48 hours – or just about anything, really. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Boophis lichenoides](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Boophis&where-species=lichenoides) reminds you of a buffalo, hishide skin covering about 1/4 of the skin of the thigh. <br /><br />