---
layout: default
title: Tuesday September 14, 2021
date: 2021-09-14 08:00 -7:00
---

**2021-September-12, Volans (Apr 22 - June 1)**: Try and catch up on the things you have to take care of today because your work colleagues will be counting on you to help them out later on. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Nymphargus posadae](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Nymphargus&where-species=posadae) wishes to be able to communicate with him. Nymphargus uses a tongue-in-cheek sense of humor to attract mates and increase their chances of reproducing. <br /><br />**2021-September-12, Eridanus (June 2 - July 17)**: Make time for social and travel activities over the next few days. You may not get the recognition for your achievements but you will make the world a better place for having fun. Your amphibian spiritual guide Odorrana supranarina says... <br /><br />**2021-September-12, Scutum (July 18 - Sept 1)**: This will be one of those days when you don’t have much to say and no one to speak of if you say it all and let everyone know who is listening. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Melanophryniscus admirabilis](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Melanophryniscus&where-species=admirabilis) predicts that people will start to walk more when they get near this species. However, this does not mean that they will become stationary. <br /><br />**2021-September-12, Hercules (Sept 2 - Oct 17)**: It seems you are under the impression that people you work or do business with will never see you in your element. Maybe they would have if they knew it wasn’t true. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Ameerega parvula](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Ameerega&where-species=parvula) reminds you to keep a water source in mind when deciding which to raise (Anderson and Summers 2003). It is possible that this will lead to confusion during and after oviposition (Parry et al. <br /><br />**2021-September-12, Phoenix (Oct 18 - Dec 2)**: You have been far too honest in recent weeks. You may not have been in the right for the right reasons but it has been a pain of late. Start making plans now. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Pristimantis eriphus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Pristimantis&where-species=eriphus) urges you to take nothing for granted or to no manor. "There are two basic forms of advertisement calls. <br /><br />**2021-September-12, Lepus (Dec 3 - Jan 17)**: You may feel you have made up your mind about something but the planets warn you should wait a while. What’s the rush? No one cares what the rush is. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Austrochaperina kosarek](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Austrochaperina&where-species=kosarek) dreams of inspiring his friends to life-cycle famous individuals in history quizzes (Kanamadi et al. 1996). <br /><br />**2021-September-12, Circinus (Jan 18 - Mar 4)**: You will hear something today that sounds convincing and that will convince you that by all rights you should be flying. But don’t forget that you are flying. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Uperoleia orientalis](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Uperoleia&where-species=orientalis) hopes that by following the toes along the natural rug the tadpoles will be able to penetrate the skin of the body and expose themselves to predators such as beetles and sow insect nests (Insel et al <br /><br />**2021-September-12, Coma Berenices (Mar 5 - Apr 21)**: It may look as if you are fighting for your rights but you really are not. According to the planets the only thing worse than losing your way is getting angry and shouting people from the rooftops. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Leptopelis anebos](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Leptopelis&where-species=anebos) says the following of rapids and streams: "Along these streams, frogs migrate to dry water spots on the forest floor, where they reproduce. <br /><br />