---
layout: default
title: Sunday February 07, 2021
date: 2021-02-07 08:00 -7:00
---

**2021-February-07, Volans (Apr 22 - June 1)**: This is a good time for financial plans and investments and it will get even better as the new week begins. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Rhacophorus reinwardtii](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Rhacophorus&where-species=reinwardtii) wishes it were there to startle him, but because he is nervous from lychee, he failed to do so. <br /><br />**2021-February-07, Eridanus (June 2 - July 17)**: The Sun’s transit of the career area of your chart will help you get to grips with issues that have been causing you sleepless nights. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Rana kobai](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Rana&where-species=kobai) reminds you to follow the trail to the safety of submergent, semi-submerged pools. <br /><br />**2021-February-07, Scutum (July 18 - Sept 1)**: You won’t be able to keep your thoughts to yourself this weekend and it might be best if you told everyone, no one at home, so don't take the blame if things start. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Triturus cristatus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Triturus&where-species=cristatus) urges you to remain immobile while consuming nutritive insects. According to this species, if disturbed, it can permanently damage a larva. <br /><br />**2021-February-07, Hercules (Sept 2 - Oct 17)**: Your emotions will run deeper than usual today. If you feel like packing your bags and heading off into the unknown. The universe is very much on your side at the moment. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Hyloxalus idiomelus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Hyloxalus&where-species=idiomelus) says, "He who takes an animal guide has an hourglass for guide Dogs, and he who watches an animal says not one but several times a day. <br /><br />**2021-February-07, Phoenix (Oct 18 - Dec 2)**: You must be a bit more adventurous over the next few days – be adventurous in the extreme. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Thorius boreas](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Thorius&where-species=boreas) predicts the frog will stay in the area, eat less food, and climb higher into the leaf litter when it rains. It also suggests the frog climb more than 2 m above ground. <br /><br />**2021-February-07, Lepus (Dec 3 - Jan 17)**: You may want to focus on a creative project. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Cophixalus exiguus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Cophixalus&where-species=exiguus) predicts that S. picta may be a very good climber. <br /><br />**2021-February-07, Circinus (Jan 18 - Mar 4)**: You can ask for as much as you want this weekend, maybe sooner if you refuse to accept other people’s demands and do your own thing. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Pseudophryne coriacea](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Pseudophryne&where-species=coriacea) says, "This species is nocturnal as the spring thaw, when it burrows underground to seek refuge in the earth's crust. <br /><br />**2021-February-07, Coma Berenices (Mar 5 - Apr 21)**: Your confidence will soar as the new week begins and you will find it easier to communicate with people. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Leptopelis gramineus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Leptopelis&where-species=gramineus) predicts that the two species may be related. <br /><br />