---
layout: default
title: Tuesday December 07, 2021
date: 2021-12-07 08:00 -7:00
---

**2021-December-05, Volans (Apr 22 - June 1)**: If you let slip more information today you may find out later that the gossip is all about you. Think twice before sharing sensitive information. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Hyla chrysoscelis](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Hyla&where-species=chrysoscelis) predicts that most individuals of this species will adopt a general mental profile, with a general idea of who and what is real and what is just an illusion. <br /><br />**2021-December-05, Eridanus (June 2 - July 17)**: You have been far too negative in recent weeks. Today’s positive cosmic influences will inspire you to more positive things, so focus only on the positive for a while. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Rana sierrae](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Rana&where-species=sierrae) predicts the best time to consume animate prey composition is between 2000 and 3000.  It is the proportion of animate prey that will consume (or less thanIFF) to be consumed that matters. <br /><br />**2021-December-05, Scutum (July 18 - Sept 1)**: The most important thing now is that you keep your emotions in check. Don’t let other people’s doubts hold you back by affecting you directly. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Pachytriton brevipes](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Pachytriton&where-species=brevipes) says: "The animal's aggressive attitude toward humans can be observed during the breeding season (May and July). <br /><br />**2021-December-05, Hercules (Sept 2 - Oct 17)**: You may be tempted to argue with someone but the planets warn you should be waiting for them before making your point. Take the hint and back off a bit. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Allobates myersi](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Allobates&where-species=myersi) predicts that the four types of Ambystoma that make up the family A. nigra family (Myers et al. 1978). <br /><br />**2021-December-05, Phoenix (Oct 18 - Dec 2)**: There is hope that you will push yourself hard over the next few days and put a name to your dreams and ambitions and turn them into something big when the Sun changes signs on the 23rd. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Isthmura corrugata](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Isthmura&where-species=corrugata) says these salamanders are typically found sitting on leaves or ferns about 1.5 m above the ground. <br /><br />**2021-December-05, Lepus (Dec 3 - Jan 17)**: This is one of the best times of the year for you, and a very special one, so why are you still kicking yourself? The reason you are still standing is because you have earned it Your amphibian spiritual guide [Madecassophryne truebae](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Madecassophryne&where-species=truebae) reminds you to keep a low profile during the threat of predators (Glaw and Vences 2007). <br /><br />**2021-December-05, Circinus (Jan 18 - Mar 4)**: Go where you want to go and don’t worry a bit that friends and work colleagues sometimes find it hard to persuade you to follow their lead. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Limnonectes larvaepartus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Limnonectes&where-species=larvaepartus) wishes to explore the pool. Freshly metamorphosed frogs. <br /><br />**2021-December-05, Coma Berenices (Mar 5 - Apr 21)**: A relationship may have been strained in the past but now it is getting the better of an even more strained state. Make the first move and make the relationship work even better. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Gephyromantis leucomaculatus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Gephyromantis&where-species=leucomaculatus) reminds you of a cricket which is on its birthday. During the day, at night, eggs are laid on the ground and/or individuals may be found on the ground near the edge of the leaf litter. <br /><br />