---
layout: default
title: Sunday February 28, 2021
date: 2021-02-28 08:00 -7:00
---

**2021-February-28, Volans (Apr 22 - June 1)**: Your mind is buzzing with ideas, so don’t limit yourself to specific targets. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Pseudophilautus nasutus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Pseudophilautus&where-species=nasutus) warns that these frogs are often intensely preyed upon by snakes. According to snakeweb site twitter. <br /><br />**2021-February-28, Eridanus (June 2 - July 17)**: The more you focus on a quality the more you will focus on yourself. Money matters, especially, are especially well starred, so avoid things you do not feel comfortable with. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Hylarana garoensis](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Hylarana&where-species=garoensis) says... "This species is often mixed with pipistrelle to form pipid groups. It is unclear whether this is done during wet season or as part of the summer. <br /><br />**2021-February-28, Scutum (July 18 - Sept 1)**: You have big plans, but you must not ignore those you think are too big or too complex. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Oreolalax pingii](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Oreolalax&where-species=pingii) dreams of being a helper or a guide (Roman), as do other toad species in its genus. Mate choice reflects the wide variety of natural habitats in the toad pelagic pond. <br /><br />**2021-February-28, Hercules (Sept 2 - Oct 17)**: Someone will try to prove you wrong today and it is unlikely to work. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Calyptocephalella gayi](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Calyptocephalella&where-species=gayi) warns that these frogs are territorial - they can only remain with a calling partner for up to two weeks at a time. <br /><br />**2021-February-28, Phoenix (Oct 18 - Dec 2)**: Your confidence has taken a bit of a battering of late and you must not neglect your needs. If you lose your temper today it will be because you are not doing yourself a favor. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Bolitoglossa occidentalis](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Bolitoglossa&where-species=occidentalis) says that "the full name of this species is [Bolitoglossa occidentalis](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Bolitoglossa&where-species=occidentalis)", meaning "blue-backed and slightly flattened beak" (Heyer and Gascon 1995). <br /><br />**2021-February-28, Lepus (Dec 3 - Jan 17)**: With the Sun moving through the communications area of your chart you should have a clear overview of what is going on. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Stumpffia gimmeli](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Stumpffia&where-species=gimmeli) predicts that Stumpffia can be thought of as a tropical wet-forest frog, with direct development (genus Philautus) taking place in and around tropical ylang-ylang forests. <br /><br />**2021-February-28, Circinus (Jan 18 - Mar 4)**: You may have to push yourself harder than usual over the next few days but that is no reason to hold back. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Hynobius boulengeri](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Hynobius&where-species=boulengeri) predicts that by the end of the wet season large pools containing around 20 to 30 eggs will swarm the waters, releasing all the natural predators into the highly aquatic vegetation. <br /><br />**2021-February-28, Coma Berenices (Mar 5 - Apr 21)**: Partners and colleagues will like it and if you are smart you won’t try to tear them down. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Boophis schuboeae](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Boophis&where-species=schuboeae) hopes the following call is emitted at night,  during the day, due to its short buzzing note: "a buzzing is a brief, inconspicuous buzzing, reminding the sound of a small dog barking <br /><br />