---
layout: default
title: Monday April 19, 2021
date: 2021-04-19 08:00 -7:00
---

**2021-April-18, Volans (Apr 22 - June 1)**: Forget about the things you missed out on and have a good time today. If you can do that then do it. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Hyperolius quinquevittatus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Hyperolius&where-species=quinquevittatus) dreams of becoming the first truly terrestrial adopter of August as the "Summertime Flooding. <br /><br />**2021-April-18, Eridanus (June 2 - July 17)**: You may be tempted to ignore an order or a warning but the planets warn it might be better to ignore them all. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Odorrana tormota](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Odorrana&where-species=tormota) warns that this species does not reach their natural ranges, at least in parts of its range. <br /><br />**2021-April-18, Scutum (July 18 - Sept 1)**: You may have to do something that surprises other people but if you do it now you will have the courage to change your mind and move to a different direction. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Oreolalax jingdongensis](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Oreolalax&where-species=jingdongensis) urges you to stop spending all your money onamphibes and frogs andjust sit back and take a shower. <br /><br />**2021-April-18, Hercules (Sept 2 - Oct 17)**: You need to be a bit more adventurous: spend some time by yourself and see what happens. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Allobates brunneus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Allobates&where-species=brunneus) reminds you to remain hidden or at least concealed from predators by both eyes. It takes about a minute to a minute per animal per day to find and locate a suitable water source in order to survive. <br /><br />**2021-April-18, Phoenix (Oct 18 - Dec 2)**: You will deal with whatever it is that happens over the next 24 hours, and will most likely make a good job of it. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Eleutherodactylus cooki](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Eleutherodactylus&where-species=cooki) reminds you to conserve energy and stay away from strata that are large, water-soluble, and acidic. This species shelters in caves by crawling on mossy trunks, and shelter under leaf litter. <br /><br />**2021-April-18, Lepus (Dec 3 - Jan 17)**: If you need to make some money now is the time to do so by all means but don’t try to do everything by yourself. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Microhyla achatina](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Microhyla&where-species=achatina) predicts that the high number of eggs found in a given species may be the result of selection for sex ratio. <br /><br />**2021-April-18, Circinus (Jan 18 - Mar 4)**: The Sun’s link to Uranus, planet of changes, will bring a series of changes that are likely to surprise you over the next few days. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Physalaemus santafecinus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Physalaemus&where-species=santafecinus) wishes to avoid the pitfalls of the museum-like aquarium, in which the eggs are fertilized by the frogs. <br /><br />**2021-April-18, Coma Berenices (Mar 5 - Apr 21)**: Some things are more important than others and the planets suggest you will go out of your way to make a success of them today – it’s no big deal. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Boophis pyrrhus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Boophis&where-species=pyrrhus) reminds you of snakes and eagles. One of the more difficult arboreal species to guide, these snakes are terrestrial counterparts to the human ear, which is 2-3 meters above the ground. <br /><br />