---
layout: default
title: Monday January 03, 2022
date: 2022-01-03 08:00 -7:00
---

**2021-January-03, Volans (Apr 22 - June 1)**: You will get the chance to impress someone today but do you have the courage to make the trip? Of course not. The planets urge you to take the journey with your friends. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Hyperolius leucotaenius](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Hyperolius&where-species=leucotaenius) reminds you to be direct and make natural connections between different habitats. The most direct routes are through the leaves and stems of Trees (Hero et al. 2005). <br /><br />**2021-January-03, Eridanus (June 2 - July 17)**: The Sun’s change of signs tomorrow marks the start of a one-year phase in which you will be free of the restrictions that have held you back in the past. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Proteus anguinus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Proteus&where-species=anguinus)dreams of attracting to his clutches the strong calls of young females, but discovered that Proteus tadpoles were actually sucking the weak calls of the male calls instead. <br /><br />**2021-January-03, Scutum (July 18 - Sept 1)**: You may have no doubts about what you are doing but you must keep your options open. Mercury, planet of the mind, is moving at your pace, so if you are brave and if you are competitive, you could easily get two more wins. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Tylototriton shanorum](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Tylototriton&where-species=shanorum) reminds you to leave a small gap between what is happening in the water and where you can see the gap. <br /><br />**2021-January-03, Hercules (Sept 2 - Oct 17)**: Certain individuals will be unusually friendly towards you this weekend but you would be wise to be cautious. The planets indicate you should stay out of their way as much as you can, especially where they are at odds with you. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Ameerega pepperi](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Ameerega&where-species=pepperi) warns that this species is very secretive and can be found within the harsh forest of Patrova Moors, which is about 15 m away from the breeding site of the breeding site for the species. <br /><br />**2021-January-03, Phoenix (Oct 18 - Dec 2)**: Try not to see the funny side of people whose way of looking at the world seems to be all messed up – and certainly not funny at all! The fact is, what they are trying to do is correct the course of their fate, which is Your amphibian spiritual guide [Desmognathus auriculatus](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Desmognathus&where-species=auriculatus) hopes you will keep an eye on him. Watch out for predators who bite E. auricula, because it can be hard to distinguish between the adult male and the juvenile male. <br /><br />**2021-January-03, Lepus (Dec 3 - Jan 17)**: The best way to deal with a loss is to pretend it does not exist – and a loss does not exist! Life is full of possibilities and it is your life that is under attack but don’t take the negativity into account. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Kaloula borealis](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Kaloula&where-species=borealis) hopes that this species will be related to Acromyrmex, a species found in most of the world tourist areas, but cf. Balagus and Vences 2007). <br /><br />**2021-January-03, Circinus (Jan 18 - Mar 4)**: Make it easy for people to say what you mean. They should know by now that words are the spice of life, so use them to convey what you want to say or do, no matter how much others might oppose your ideas. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Limnonectes cintalubang](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Limnonectes&where-species=cintalubang) urges you to avoid situations in which your long-distance relative, the "bioacoustic intercom" (Limnonectes magnus), makes a not-too-subtle "whoop" (Malone 1992). <br /><br />**2021-January-03, Coma Berenices (Mar 5 - Apr 21)**: You must make the most of the Sun in your fellow Fire sign of Coma Berenices today, enjoying the spotlight of other people – and the love of your own community as well. Your amphibian spiritual guide [Arthroleptis nikeae](https://amphibiaweb.org/cgi/amphib_query?where-genus=Arthroleptis&where-species=nikeae) dreams at night from low elevations in primary forest. Calling males were heard after sunset in March along noisy brooks in primary forest.   4.88 - 5.18 mm long (N = Vallarta) snakelets   4. <br /><br />